
1	Chromatin organization. (A) Nucleosomes are comprised of octamers of histone proteins (two each of histone subunits H2A, H2B, H3, and H4) encircled by 1.8 loops of 147 base pairs of DNA; histone H1 sits on the 20 to 80 nucleotide linker DNA between nucleosomes and helps stabilize the overall chromatin architecture. The histone subunits are positively charged, thus allowing the compaction of the negatively charged DNA. (B) The relative state of DNA unwinding (and thus access for transcription factors) is regulated by histone modification, for example, by acetylation, methylation, and/or phosphoryla-tion (so-called "marks"); marks are dynamically written and erased. Certain marks such as histone acetylation "open up" the chromatin structure, whereas others, such as methylation of particular histone residues, tend to condense the DNA and lead to gene silencing. DNA itself can also be also be methylated, a modification that is associated with transcriptional inactivation. 

2	Chromatin organization. (A) Nucleosomes are comprised of octamers of histone proteins (two each of histone subunits H2A, H2B, H3, and H4) encircled by 1.8 loops of 147 base pairs of DNA; histone H1 sits on the 20 to 80 nucleotide linker DNA between nucleosomes and helps stabilize the overall chromatin architecture. The histone subunits are positively charged, thus allowing the compaction of the negatively charged DNA. (B) The relative state of DNA unwinding (and thus access for transcription factors) is regulated by histone modification, for example, by acetylation, methylation, and/or phosphoryla-tion (so-called "marks"); marks are dynamically written and erased. Certain marks such as histone acetylation "open up" the chromatin structure, whereas others, such as methylation of particular histone residues, tend to condense the DNA and lead to gene silencing. DNA itself can also be also be methylated, a modification that is associated with transcriptional inactivation. 

3	 Stem cell niches in various tissues. (A) Skin stem cells are located in the bulge area of the hair follicle, in sebaceous glands, and in the lower layer of the epidermis. (B) Small intestine stem cells are located near the base of the crypt, above Paneth cells. (C) Liver stem cells (oval cells) are located in the canals of Hering (thick arrow), structures that connect bile ductules (thin arrow) to parenchymal hepatocytes. Bile duct cells and canals of Hering are stained here with an immunohistochemical stain for cytokeratin 7.

4	Reversible cell injury and necrosis. The principal cellular alterations that characterize reversible cell injury and necrosis are illustrated. By convention, reversible injury is considered to culminate in necrosis if the injurious stimulus is not removed. 

5	Morphologic changes in reversible and irreversible cell injury (necrosis). (A) Normal kidney tubules with viable epithelial cells. (B) Early (reversible) ischemic injury showing surface blebs, increased eosinophilia of cytoplasm, and swelling of occasional cells. (C) Necrotic (irreversible) injury of epithelial cells, with loss of nuclei and fragmentation of cells and leakage of contents.

6	Morphologic changes in reversible and irreversible cell injury (necrosis). (A) Normal kidney tubules with viable epithelial cells. (B) Early (reversible) ischemic injury showing surface blebs, increased eosinophilia of cytoplasm, and swelling of occasional cells. (C) Necrotic (irreversible) injury of epithelial cells, with loss of nuclei and fragmentation of cells and leakage of contents. 

7	Morphologic changes in reversible and irreversible cell injury (necrosis). (A) Normal kidney tubules with viable epithelial cells. (B) Early (reversible) ischemic injury showing surface blebs, increased eosinophilia of cytoplasm, and swelling of occasional cells. (C) Necrotic (irreversible) injury of epithelial cells, with loss of nuclei and fragmentation of cells and leakage of contents. 

8	Coagulative necrosis. (A) A wedge-shaped kidney infarct (yellow) with preservation of the outlines. (B) Microscopic view of the edge of the infarct, with normal kidney (N) and necrotic cells in the infarct (I). The necrotic cells show preserved outlines with loss of nuclei, and an inflammatory infiltrate is present (difficult to discern at this magnification). 

9	Coagulative necrosis. (A) A wedge-shaped kidney infarct (yellow) with preservation of the outlines. (B) Microscopic view of the edge of the infarct, with normal kidney (N) and necrotic cells in the infarct (I). The necrotic cells show preserved outlines with loss of nuclei, and an inflammatory infiltrate is present (difficult to discern at this magnification). 

10	Liquefactive necrosis. An infarct in the brain shows dissolution of the tissue. 

11	Caseous  necrosis. Tuberculosis  of  the  lung,  with  a  large  area  of caseous necrosis containing yellow-white (cheesy) debris. 

12	Fat necrosis in acute pancreatitis. The areas of white chalky deposits represent foci of fat necrosis with calcium soap formation (saponification) at sites of lipid breakdown in the mesentery. 

13	  Fibrinoid  necrosis  in  an  artery  in  a  patient  with  polyarteritis nodosa. The wall of the artery shows a circumferential bright pink area of necrosis with protein deposition and inflammation.
 
14	  Apoptosis. The  cellular  alterations  in  apoptosis  are  illustrated. 

15	 Morphologic appearance of apoptotic cells. Apoptotic cells (some indicated  by  arrows)  in  colonic  epithelium  are  shown.  (Some  preparative regimens  for  colonoscopy  may  induce  apoptosis  in  epithelial  cells,  which explains  the  presence  of  dead  cells  in  this  biopsy.)  Note  the  fragmented nuclei with condensed chromatin and the shrunken cell bodies, some with pieces falling off. 

16	 Physiologic hypertrophy of the uterus during pregnancy. (A) Gross appearance of a normal uterus (right) and a gravid uterus (left) that was removed for postpartum bleeding. (B) Small spindle-shaped uterine smooth muscle cells from a normal uterus. (C) Large, plump hypertrophied smooth muscle cells from a gravid uterus; compare with B. (B and C, Same magnification.) 

17	 Physiologic hypertrophy of the uterus during pregnancy. (A) Gross appearance of a normal uterus (right) and a gravid uterus (left) that was removed for postpartum bleeding. (B) Small spindle-shaped uterine smooth muscle cells from a normal uterus. (C) Large, plump hypertrophied smooth muscle cells from a gravid uterus; compare with B. (B and C, Same magnification.) 

18	 Physiologic hypertrophy of the uterus during pregnancy. (A) Gross appearance of a normal uterus (right) and a gravid uterus (left) that was removed for postpartum bleeding. (B) Small spindle-shaped uterine smooth muscle cells from a normal uterus. (C) Large, plump hypertrophied smooth muscle cells from a gravid uterus; compare with B. (B and C, Same magnification.) 

19	 The relationship among normal, adapted, reversibly injured, and dead myocardial cells. The cellular adaptation depicted here is hypertrophy, the cause of reversible injury is ischemia, and the irreversible injury is ischemic coagulative necrosis. In the example of myocardial hypertrophy (lower left), the left ventricular wall is thicker than 2 cm (normal, 1-1.5 cm). Reversibly injured myocardium shows functional effects without any gross or light microscopic changes, or reversible changes such as cellular swelling and fatty change (shown here). In the specimen showing necrosis (lower right) the transmural light area in the posterolateral left ventricle represents an acute myocardial infarction. All three transverse sections of myocardium were stained with triphenyltetra-zolium chloride, an enzyme substrate that colors viable myocardium magenta. Failure to stain is due to enzyme loss after cell death.
 
20	  Atrophy  as  seen  in  the  brain.  (A)  Normal  brain  of  a  young  adult.  (B) Atrophy  of  the  brain  in  an  82-year-old  man  with  atherosclerotic  disease. Atrophy of the brain is caused by aging and reduced blood supply. Note that loss of brain substance narrows the gyri and widens the sulci. The meninges have been stripped from the bottom half of each specimen to show the surface of the brain.
 
21	  Metaplasia  of  normal  columnar  (left)  to  squamous  epithelium (right) in a bronchus, shown schematically (A) and histologically (B). 

22	  Lipofuscin  granules  in  cardiac  myocytes  (deposits  indicated  by arrows). 

23	 Hemosiderin granules in liver cells. (A) Hematoxylin-eosin-stained section showing golden-brown, finely granular pigment. (B) Iron deposits shown by a special staining process called the Prussian blue reaction. 

24	 Hemosiderin granules in liver cells. (A) Hematoxylin-eosin-stained section showing golden-brown, finely granular pigment. (B) Iron deposits shown by a special staining process called the Prussian blue reaction. 

25	The multistep process of leukocyte migration through blood vessels, shown here for neutrophils. The leukocytes first roll, then become activated and adhere to endothelium, then transmigrate across the endothelium, pierce the basement membrane, and move toward chemoattractants emanating from the  source  of  injury.  Different  molecules  play  predominant  roles  at  each  step  of  this  process:  selectins  in  rolling;  chemokines  (usually  displayed  bound  to proteoglycans) in activating the neutrophils to increase avidity of integrins; integrins in firm adhesion; and CD31 (PECAM-1) in transmigration. ICAM-1, Inter-cellular adhesion molecule-1; PECAM-1 (CD31), platelet endothelial cell adhesion molecule-1; TNF, tumor necrosis factor. 

26	Nature of leukocyte infiltrates in inflammatory reactions. The photomicrographs show an inflammatory reaction in the myocardium after ischemic necrosis (infarction). (A) Early (neutrophilic) infiltrates and congested blood vessels. (B) Later (mononuclear) cellular infiltrates. (C) The approximate kinetics of edema and cellular infiltration. For simplicity, edema is shown as an acute transient response, although secondary waves of delayed edema and neutrophil infiltration also can occur.
 
27	Nature of leukocyte infiltrates in inflammatory reactions. The photomicrographs show an inflammatory reaction in the myocardium after ischemic necrosis (infarction). (A) Early (neutrophilic) infiltrates and congested blood vessels. (B) Later (mononuclear) cellular infiltrates. (C) The approximate kinetics of edema and cellular infiltration. For simplicity, edema is shown as an acute transient response, although secondary waves of delayed edema and neutrophil infiltration also can occur.
 
28	Neutrophil extracellular traps (NETs). (A) Healthy neutrophils with nuclei stained red and cytoplasm green. (B) Release of nuclear material from neutrophils (note that two have lost their nuclei), forming extracellular traps. (C) An electron micrograph of bacteria (staphylococci) trapped in NETs.

29	Neutrophil extracellular traps (NETs). (A) Healthy neutrophils with nuclei stained red and cytoplasm green. (B) Release of nuclear material from neutrophils (note that two have lost their nuclei), forming extracellular traps. (C) An electron micrograph of bacteria (staphylococci) trapped in NETs. 

30	Neutrophil extracellular traps (NETs). (A) Healthy neutrophils with nuclei stained red and cytoplasm green. (B) Release of nuclear material from neutrophils (note that two have lost their nuclei), forming extracellular traps. (C) An electron micrograph of bacteria (staphylococci) trapped in NETs. 

31	 Serous inflammation. Low-power view of a cross section of a skin blister showing the epidermis separated from the dermis by a focal collection of serous effusion. 

32	 Fibrinous pericarditis. (A) Deposits of fibrin on the pericardium. (B) A pink meshwork of fibrin exudate (F) overlies the pericardial surface (P). 

33	 Fibrinous pericarditis. (A) Deposits of fibrin on the pericardium. (B) A pink meshwork of fibrin exudate (F) overlies the pericardial surface (P). 

34	 Purulent inflammation. (A) Multiple bacterial abscesses (arrows) in the lung in a case of bronchopneumonia. (B) The abscess contains neutrophils and cellular debris, and is surrounded by congested blood vessels. 

35	 Purulent inflammation. (A) Multiple bacterial abscesses (arrows) in the lung in a case of bronchopneumonia. (B) The abscess contains neutrophils and cellular debris, and is surrounded by congested blood vessels. 

36	 The morphology of an ulcer. (A) A chronic duodenal ulcer. (B) Low-power cross-section view of a duodenal ulcer crater with an acute inflamma-tory exudate in the base. 

37	 The morphology of an ulcer. (A) A chronic duodenal ulcer. (B) Low-power cross-section view of a duodenal ulcer crater with an acute inflamma-tory exudate in the base. 

38	 (A) Chronic inflammation in the lung, showing all three characteristic  histologic  features:  (1)  collection  of  chronic  inflammatory  cells  (*), (2) destruction of parenchyma (normal alveoli are replaced by spaces lined by cuboidal epithelium, arrowheads), and (3) replacement by connective tissue (fibrosis,  arrows).  (B)  In  contrast,  in  acute  inflammation  of  the  lung  (acute bronchopneumonia),  neutrophils  fill  the  alveolar  spaces  and  blood  vessels are congested. 

39	 (A) Chronic inflammation in the lung, showing all three   histologic  features:  (1)  collection  of  chronic  inflammatory  cells  (*), (2) destruction of parenchyma (normal alveoli are replaced by spaces lined by cuboidal epithelium, arrowheads), and (3) replacement by connective tissue (fibrosis,  arrows).  (B)  In  contrast,  in  acute  inflammation  of  the  lung  (acute bronchopneumonia),  neutrophils  fill  the  alveolar  spaces  and  blood  vessels are congested. 

40	 Maturation of mononuclear phagocytes. (A) During inflammatory reactions, the majority of tissue macrophages are derived from hematopoietic precursors.  Some  long-lived  resident  tissue  macrophages  are  derived  from  embryonic  precursors  that  populate  the  tissues  early  in  development.  (B) The morphology of a monocyte and activated macrophage. 

41	 Maturation of mononuclear phagocytes. (A) During inflammatory reactions, the majority of tissue macrophages are derived from hematopoietic precursors.  Some  long-lived  resident  tissue  macrophages  are  derived  from  embryonic  precursors  that  populate  the  tissues  early  in  development.  (B) The morphology of a monocyte and activated macrophage. 

42	 Maturation of mononuclear phagocytes. (A) During inflammatory reactions, the majority of tissue macrophages are derived from hematopoietic precursors.  Some  long-lived  resident  tissue  macrophages  are  derived  from  embryonic  precursors  that  populate  the  tissues  early  in  development.  (B) The morphology of a monocyte and activated macrophage. 

43	 A focus of inflammation containing numerous eosinophils. 

44	 Typical tuberculous granuloma showing an area of central necrosis surrounded  by  multiple  multinucleate  giant  cells,  epithelioid  cells,  and lymphocytes. 

45	 (A) Granulation tissue showing numerous blood vessels, edema, and a loose extracellular matrix containing occasional inflammatory cells. Collagen is stained blue by the trichrome stain; minimal mature collagen can be seen at this point. (B) Trichrome stain of mature scar, showing dense collagen (stained blue) and scattered vascular channels. 

46	 (A) Granulation tissue showing numerous blood vessels, edema, and a loose extracellular matrix containing occasional inflammatory cells. Collagen is stained blue by the trichrome stain; minimal mature collagen can be seen at this point. (B) Trichrome stain of mature scar, showing dense collagen (stained blue) and scattered vascular channels. 

47	 Chronic wounds illustrating defects in wound healing. (A-D) External appearance of skin ulcers. (A) Venous leg ulcer; (B) arterial ulcer, with more extensive tissue necrosis; (C) diabetic ulcer; and (D) pressure sore. (E-F) Histologic appearance of a diabetic ulcer. (E) ulcer crater; (F) chronic inflammation and granulation tissue. 

48	 Chronic wounds illustrating defects in wound healing. (A-D) External appearance of skin ulcers. (A) Venous leg ulcer; (B) arterial ulcer, with more extensive tissue necrosis; (C) diabetic ulcer; and (D) pressure sore. (E-F) Histologic appearance of a diabetic ulcer. (E) ulcer crater; (F) chronic inflammation and granulation tissue. 

49	 Chronic wounds illustrating defects in wound healing. (A-D) External appearance of skin ulcers. (A) Venous leg ulcer; (B) arterial ulcer, with more extensive tissue necrosis; (C) diabetic ulcer; and (D) pressure sore. (E-F) Histologic appearance of a diabetic ulcer. (E) ulcer crater; (F) chronic inflammation and granulation tissue. 

50	 Chronic wounds illustrating defects in wound healing. (A-D) External appearance of skin ulcers. (A) Venous leg ulcer; (B) arterial ulcer, with more extensive tissue necrosis; (C) diabetic ulcer; and (D) pressure sore. (E-F) Histologic appearance of a diabetic ulcer. (E) ulcer crater; (F) chronic inflammation and granulation tissue. 

51	 Chronic wounds illustrating defects in wound healing. (A-D) External appearance of skin ulcers. (A) Venous leg ulcer; (B) arterial ulcer, with more extensive tissue necrosis; (C) diabetic ulcer; and (D) pressure sore. (E-F) Histologic appearance of a diabetic ulcer. (E) ulcer crater; (F) chronic inflammation and granulation tissue. 

52	 Chronic wounds illustrating defects in wound healing. (A-D) External appearance of skin ulcers. (A) Venous leg ulcer; (B) arterial ulcer, with more extensive tissue necrosis; (C) diabetic ulcer; and (D) pressure sore. (E-F) Histologic appearance of a diabetic ulcer. (E) ulcer crater; (F) chronic inflammation and granulation tissue. 

53	  Clinical  examples  of  excessive  scarring  and  collagen  deposition. (A) Hypertrophic scar. (B) Keloid. (C) Microscopic appearance of a keloid. Note the thick connective tissue deposition in the dermis. 

54	  Clinical  examples  of  excessive  scarring  and  collagen  deposition. (A) Hypertrophic scar. (B) Keloid. (C) Microscopic appearance of a keloid. Note the thick connective tissue deposition in the dermis. 

55	  Clinical  examples  of  excessive  scarring  and  collagen  deposition. (A) Hypertrophic scar. (B) Keloid. (C) Microscopic appearance of a keloid. Note the thick connective tissue deposition in the dermis. 


56	 Liver  with  chronic  passive  congestion  and  hemorrhagic  necrosis. (A)  In  this  autopsy  specimen,  central  areas  are  red  and  slightly  depressed compared  with  the  surrounding  tan  viable  parenchyma,  creating "nutmeg liver"  (so  called  because  it  resembles  the  cut  surface  of  a  nutmeg).  (B) Microscopic preparation shows centrilobular hepatic necrosis with hemorrhage and scattered inflammatory cells. 

57	(A) Punctate petechial hemorrhages of the colonic mucosa, a con-sequence of thrombocytopenia. (B) Fatal intracerebral hemorrhage. 

58	 The  coagulation  cascade  in  the  laboratory  and  in  vivo.  (A)  Clotting  is  initiated  in  the  laboratory  by  adding  phospholipids,  calcium,  and  either  a negative-charged substance such as glass beads (intrinsic pathway) or a source of tissue factor (extrinsic pathway). (B) In vivo, tissue factor is the major initiator of coagulation, which is amplified by feedback loops involving thrombin (dotted lines). The red polypeptides are inactive factors, the dark green polypeptides are active factors, whereas the light green polypeptides correspond to cofactors. 

59	Sequential conversion of factor X to factor Xa by way of the extrinsic pathway, followed by conversion of factor II (prothrombin) to factor IIa (throm-bin). The initial reaction complex consists of a protease (factor VIIa), a substrate (factor X), and a reaction accelerator (tissue factor) assembled on a platelet phospholipid surface. Calcium ions hold the assembled components together and are essential for the reaction. Activated factor Xa then becomes the protease component of the next complex in the cascade, converting prothrombin to thrombin (factor IIa) in the presence of a different reaction accelerator, factor Va. 

60	  Mural  thrombi.  (A) Thrombus  in  the  left  and  right  ventricular apices,  overlying  white  fibrous  scar.  (B)  Laminated  thrombus  in  a  dilated abdominal aortic aneurysm. Numerous friable mural thrombi are also super-imposed  on  advanced  atherosclerotic  lesions  of  the  more  proximal  aorta (left side of photograph). 

61	  An  organized  thrombus.  Low-power  view  of  a  thrombosed artery stained for elastic tissue. The original lumen is delineated by the internal elastic lamina (arrows) and is completely filled with organized thrombus. 

62	 Embolus derived from a lower-extremity deep venous thrombus lodged in a pulmonary artery branch. 

63	 Unusual types of emboli. (A) Bone marrow embolus. The embolus is composed of hematopoietic marrow and marrow fat cells (clear spaces) attached  to  a  thrombus.  (B) Amniotic  fluid  emboli. Two  small  pulmonary arterioles are packed with laminated swirls of fetal squamous cells. The surrounding  lung  is  edematous  and  congested. 

64	  Red  and  white  infarcts.  (A)  Hemorrhagic, roughly  wedge-shaped  pulmonary  infarct  (red  infarct). (B) Sharply demarcated pale infarct in the spleen (white infarct). 

65	  Red  and  white  infarcts.  (A)  Hemorrhagic, roughly  wedge-shaped  pulmonary  infarct  (red  infarct). (B) Sharply demarcated pale infarct in the spleen (white infarct). 

66	 Remote kidney infarct, now replaced by a large fibrotic scar. 

67	The human leukocyte antigen (HLA) complex and the structure of HLA molecules. (A) The location of genes in the HLA complex. The relative locations, sizes, and distances between genes are not to scale. Genes that encode several proteins involved in antigen processing (the TAP transporter, components of the proteasome, and HLA-DM) are located in the class II region (not shown). (B) Schematic diagrams and crystal structures of class I and class II HLA molecules. 

68	The human leukocyte antigen (HLA) complex and the structure of HLA molecules. (A) The location of genes in the HLA complex. The relative locations, sizes, and distances between genes are not to scale. Genes that encode several proteins involved in antigen processing (the TAP transporter, com-ponents of the proteasome, and HLA-DM) are located in the class II region (not shown). (B) Schematic diagrams and crystal structures of class I and class II HLA molecules. 

69	 Structure  of  antibodies  and  the  B-cell  antigen  receptor.  (A) The B-cell antigen receptor complex is composed of membrane immunoglobulin M  (IgM;  or  IgD,  not  shown),  which  recognizes  antigens,  and  the  associated signaling proteins Igalpha and Igbeta. CD21 is a receptor for a complement component  that  also  promotes  B-cell  activation.  (B)  Crystal  structure  of  a secreted  IgG  molecule,  showing  the  arrangement  of  the  variable  (V)  and constant (C) regions of the heavy (H) and light (L) chains. 

70	Morphology of a lymph node. (A) The histology of a lymph node, with an outer cortex containing follicles and an inner medulla. (B) The segregation of B cells and T cells in different regions of the lymph node, illustrated  schematically.  (C) The  location  of  B  cells  (stained  green,  using  the immunofluorescence  technique)  and T  cells  (stained  red)  in  a  lymph  node. 

71	Morphology of a lymph node. (A) The histology of a lymph node, with an outer cortex containing follicles and an inner medulla. (B) The segregation of B cells and T cells in different regions of the lymph node, illustrated  schematically.  (C) The  location  of  B  cells  (stained  green,  using  the immunofluorescence  technique)  and T  cells  (stained  red)  in  a  lymph  node.

72	 Phases of immediate hypersensitivity reactions. (A) Kinetics of the immediate and late-phase reactions. The immediate vascular and smooth muscle reaction to allergen develops within minutes after challenge (allergen exposure in a previously sensitized individual), and the late-phase reaction develops 2 to 24 hours later. The immediate reaction (B) is characterized by vasodilation, congestion, and edema, and the late-phase reaction (C) is characterized by an inflammatory infiltrate rich in eosinophils, neutrophils, and T cells. 

73	 Phases of immediate hypersensitivity reactions. (A) Kinetics of the immediate and late-phase reactions. The immediate vascular and smooth muscle reaction to allergen develops within minutes after challenge (allergen exposure in a previously sensitized individual), and the late-phase reaction develops 2 to 24 hours later. The immediate reaction (B) is characterized by vasodilation, congestion, and edema, and the late-phase reaction (C) is characterized by an inflammatory infiltrate rich in eosinophils, neutrophils, and T cells. 

74	  Delayed  hypersensitivity  reaction  in  the  skin.  (A)  Perivascular accumulation  ("cuffing")  of  mononuclear  inflammatory  cells  (lymphocytes and macrophages), with associated dermal edema and fibrin deposition. (B) Immunoperoxidase  staining  reveals  a  predominantly  perivascular  cellular infiltrate that marks positively with anti-CD4 antibodies. 

75	  Granulomatous inflammation. (A) A section of a lymph node shows several granulomas, each made up of an aggregate of epithelioid cells and surrounded by lymphocytes. The granuloma in the center shows several multinucleate giant cells. (B) The events that give rise to the formation of granulomas in type IV hypersensitivity reactions, illustrating the role of T H 1 cytokines. In some granulomatous disorders (e.g., schistosomiasis), T H 2 cells also contribute to the lesions. The role of T H 17 cells in granuloma formation is not proven. 

76	 Staining patterns of anti-nuclear antibodies. (A) Homogeneous or diffuse staining of nuclei is typical of antibodies reactive with dsDNA, nucleosomes, and histones, and is common in SLE. (B) A speckled pattern is seen with antibodies against various nuclear antigens, including Sm and RNPs. (C) The pattern of staining of anti-centromere antibodies is seen in some cases of systemic sclerosis, Sjogren syndrome, and other diseases. (D) A uncleolar pattern is typical of antibodies against nucleolar proteins. 

77	 Staining patterns of anti-nuclear antibodies. (A) Homogeneous or diffuse staining of nuclei is typical of antibodies reactive with dsDNA, nucleosomes, and histones, and is common in SLE. (B) A speckled pattern is seen with antibodies against various nuclear antigens, including Sm and RNPs. (C) The pattern of staining of anti-centromere antibodies is seen in some cases of systemic sclerosis, Sjogren syndrome, and other diseases. (D) A nucleolar pattern is typical of antibodies against nucleolar proteins. 

78	 Staining patterns of anti-nuclear antibodies. (A) Homogeneous or diffuse staining of nuclei is typical of antibodies reactive with dsDNA, nucleosomes, and histones, and is common in SLE. (B) A speckled pattern is seen with antibodies against various nuclear antigens, including Sm and RNPs. (C) The pattern of staining of anti-centromere antibodies is seen in some cases of systemic sclerosis, Sjogren syndrome, and other diseases. (D) A nucleolar pattern is typical of antibodies against nucleolar proteins. 

79	 Staining patterns of anti-nuclear antibodies. (A) Homogeneous or diffuse staining of nuclei is typical of antibodies reactive with dsDNA, nucleosomes, and histones, and is common in SLE. (B) A speckled pattern is seen with antibodies against various nuclear antigens, including Sm and RNPs. (C) The pattern of staining of anti-centromere antibodies is seen in some cases of systemic sclerosis, Sjogren syndrome, and other diseases. (D) A nucleolar pattern is typical of antibodies against nucleolar proteins. 

80	 Lupus nephritis. (A) Focal proliferative glomerulonephritis, with two focal necrotizing lesions at the 11 o'clock and 2 o'clock positions (H&E stain). Extracapillary proliferation is not prominent in this case. (B) Diffuse proliferative glomerulonephritis. Note the marked increase in cellularity throughout the glomerulus (H&E stain). (C) Lupus nephritis showing a glomerulus with several "wire-loop" lesions representing extensive subendothelial deposits of immune complexes (periodic acid-Schiff stain). (D) Electron micrograph of a renal glomerular capillary loop from a patient with SLE nephritis. Subendothelial dense deposits (arrowheads) on basement membrane (arrow) correspond to "wire loops" seen by light microscopy. (E) Deposition of IgG antibody in a granular pattern, detected by immunofluorescence.

81	 Lupus nephritis. (A) Focal proliferative glomerulonephritis, with two focal necrotizing lesions at the 11 o'clock and 2 o'clock positions (H&E stain). Extracapillary proliferation is not prominent in this case. (B) Diffuse proliferative glomerulonephritis. Note the marked increase in cellularity throughout the glomerulus (H&E stain). (C) Lupus nephritis showing a glomerulus with several "wire-loop" lesions representing extensive subendothelial deposits of immune complexes (periodic acid-Schiff stain). (D) Electron micrograph of a renal glomerular capillary loop from a patient with SLE nephritis. Subendothelial dense deposits (arrowheads) on basement membrane (arrow) correspond to "wire loops" seen by light microscopy. (E) Deposition of IgG antibody in a granular pattern, detected by immunofluorescence. 

82	 Lupus nephritis. (A) Focal proliferative glomerulonephritis, with two focal necrotizing lesions at the 11 o'clock and 2 o'clock positions (H&E stain). Extracapillary proliferation is not prominent in this case. (B) Diffuse proliferative glomerulonephritis. Note the marked increase in cellularity throughout the glomerulus (H&E stain). (C) Lupus nephritis showing a glomerulus with several "wire-loop" lesions representing extensive subendothelial deposits of immune complexes (periodic acid-Schiff stain). (D) Electron micrograph of a renal glomerular capillary loop from a patient with SLE nephritis. Subendothelial dense deposits (arrowheads) on basement membrane (arrow) correspond to "wire loops" seen by light microscopy. (E) Deposition of IgG antibody in a granular pattern, detected by immunofluorescence. 

83	 Lupus nephritis. (A) Focal proliferative glomerulonephritis, with two focal necrotizing lesions at the 11 o'clock and 2 o'clock positions (H&E stain). Extracapillary proliferation is not prominent in this case. (B) Diffuse proliferative glomerulonephritis. Note the marked increase in cellularity throughout the glomerulus (H&E stain). (C) Lupus nephritis showing a glomerulus with several "wire-loop" lesions representing extensive subendothelial deposits of immune complexes (periodic acid-Schiff stain). (D) Electron micrograph of a renal glomerular capillary loop from a patient with SLE nephritis. Subendothelial dense deposits (arrowheads) on basement membrane (arrow) correspond to "wire loops" seen by light microscopy. (E) Deposition of IgG antibody in a granular pattern, detected by immunofluorescence.

84	 Lupus nephritis. (A) Focal proliferative glomerulonephritis, with two focal necrotizing lesions at the 11 o'clock and 2 o'clock positions (H&E stain). Extracapillary proliferation is not prominent in this case. (B) Diffuse proliferative glomerulonephritis. Note the marked increase in cellularity throughout the glomerulus (H&E stain). (C) Lupus nephritis showing a glomerulus with several "wire-loop" lesions representing extensive subendothelial deposits of immune complexes (periodic acid-Schiff stain). (D) Electron micrograph of a renal glomerular capillary loop from a patient with SLE nephritis. Subendothelial dense deposits (arrowheads) on basement membrane (arrow) correspond to "wire loops" seen by light microscopy. (E) Deposition of IgG antibody in a granular pattern, detected by immunofluorescence. 

85	  Systemic  lupus  erythematosus  involving  the  skin.  (A) An  H&E-stained  section  shows  liquefactive  degeneration  of  the  basal  layer  of  the epidermis and edema at the dermoepidermal junction. (B) An immunofluorescence micrograph stained for IgG reveals deposits of Ig along the dermo-epidermal junction. 

86	  Systemic  lupus  erythematosus  involving  the  skin.  (A) An  H&E-stained  section  shows  liquefactive  degeneration  of  the  basal  layer  of  the epidermis and edema at the dermoepidermal junction. (B) An immunofluorescence micrograph stained for IgG reveals deposits of Ig along the dermo-epidermal junction.

87	 Libman-Sacks endocarditis of the mitral valve in lupus erythema-tosus. The vegetations attached to the margin of the thickened valve leaflet are indicated by arrows. 

88	 Sjogren syndrome. (A) Enlargement of the salivary gland. (B) Intense lymphocytic and plasma cell infiltration with ductal epithelial hyperplasia in a salivary gland. 

89	 Sjogren syndrome. (A) Enlargement of the salivary gland. (B) Intense lymphocytic and plasma cell infiltration with ductal epithelial hyperplasia in a salivary gland. 

90	 Systemic sclerosis. (A) Normal skin. (B) Skin biopsy from a patient with systemic sclerosis. Note the extensive deposition of dense collagen in the dermis, the virtual absence of appendages (e.g., hair follicles), and foci of inflammation (arrow). (C) The extensive subcutaneous fibrosis has virtually immobilized the fingers, creating a clawlike flexion deformity. Loss of blood supply has led to cutaneous ulcerations. 

91	 Systemic sclerosis. (A) Normal skin. (B) Skin biopsy from a patient with systemic sclerosis. Note the extensive deposition of dense collagen in the dermis, the virtual absence of appendages (e.g., hair follicles), and foci of inflammation (arrow). (C) The extensive subcutaneous fibrosis has virtually immobilized the fingers, creating a clawlike flexion deformity. Loss of blood supply has led to cutaneous ulcerations. 

92	 IgG4-related disease: representative lesions. (A) Bile duct showing sclerosing cholangitis. (B) Sclerotic area of the bile duct with storiform fibrosis. (C) Submandibular gland with infiltrates of lymphocytes and plasma cells and whorls of fibrosis. (D) Section of an involved lacrimal gland stained with an antibody against IgG4, showing large numbers of IgG4-producing plasma cells. 

93	 IgG4-related disease: representative lesions. (A) Bile duct showing sclerosing cholangitis. (B) Sclerotic area of the bile duct with storiform fibrosis. (C) Submandibular gland with infiltrates of lymphocytes and plasma cells and whorls of fibrosis. (D) Section of an involved lacrimal gland stained with an antibody against IgG4, showing large numbers of IgG4-producing plasma cells. 

94	 IgG4-related disease: representative lesions. (A) Bile duct showing sclerosing cholangitis. (B) Sclerotic area of the bile duct with storiform fibrosis. (C) Submandibular gland with infiltrates of lymphocytes and plasma cells and whorls of fibrosis. (D) Section of an involved lacrimal gland stained with an antibody against IgG4, showing large numbers of IgG4-producing plasma cells. 

95	 IgG4-related disease: representative lesions. (A) Bile duct showing sclerosing cholangitis. (B) Sclerotic area of the bile duct with storiform fibrosis. (C) Submandibular gland with infiltrates of lymphocytes and plasma cells and whorls of fibrosis. (D) Section of an involved lacrimal gland stained with an antibody against IgG4, showing large numbers of IgG4-producing plasma cells. 

96	 Hyperacute rejection. (A) Deposition of antibody on endothelium and activation of complement causes thrombosis. (B) Hyperacute rejection of a kidney allograft showing platelet fibrin thrombi and severe ischemic injury in a glomerulus. 

97	 Acute cellular rejection. (A) Destruction of graft cells by T cells. Acute T cell-mediated rejection involves direct killing of graft cells by CD8+ CTLs and inflammation caused by cytokines produced by CD4 T cells. (B) Acute cellular rejection of a kidney graft, manifested by inflammatory cells in the inter-stitium and between epithelial cells of the tubules (tubulitis). Collapsed tubules are outlined by wavy basement membranes. (C) Rejection vasculitis in a kidney graft. An  arteriole  is  shown  with  inflammatory  cells  attacking  and  undermining  the  endothelium  (endotheliitis)  (arrow).

98	 Acute cellular rejection. (A) Destruction of graft cells by T cells. Acute T cell-mediated rejection involves direct killing of graft cells by CD8+ CTLs and inflammation caused by cytokines produced by CD4 T cells. (B) Acute cellular rejection of a kidney graft, manifested by inflammatory cells in the inter-stitium and between epithelial cells of the tubules (tubulitis). Collapsed tubules are outlined by wavy basement membranes. (C) Rejection vasculitis in a kidney graft. An  arteriole  is  shown  with  inflammatory  cells  attacking  and  undermining  the  endothelium  (endotheliitis)  (arrow).

99	 Acute antibody-mediated (humoral) rejection. (A) Graft damage caused by antibody deposition in vessels. (B) Light micrograph showing inflamma-tion (capillaritis) in peritubular capillaries (arrows) in a kidney graft. (C) Immunoperoxidase stain shows C4d deposition in peritubular capillaries and a glomerulus. 

100	 Acute antibody-mediated (humoral) rejection. (A) Graft damage caused by antibody deposition in vessels. (B) Light micrograph showing inflamma-tion (capillaritis) in peritubular capillaries (arrows) in a kidney graft. (C) Immunoperoxidase stain shows C4d deposition in peritubular capillaries and a glomerulus. 

101	 Chronic rejection. (A) Graft arteriosclerosis caused by T-cell cytokines and antibody deposition. (B) Graft arteriosclerosis in a cardiac transplant. (C) Transplant glomerulopathy, the characteristic manifestation of chronic antibody-mediated rejection in the kidney. The glomerulus shows inflammatory cells within the capillary loops (glomerulitis), accumulation of mesangial matrix, and duplication of the capillary basement membrane. (D) Interstitial fibrosis and tubular atrophy, resulting from arteriosclerosis of arteries and arterioles in a chronically rejecting kidney allograft. In this trichrome stain, the blue area (asterisk) shows fibrosis, contrasted with the normal kidney (top right). An artery showing prominent arteriosclerosis is shown (bottom right). 

102	 Chronic rejection. (A) Graft arteriosclerosis caused by T-cell cytokines and antibody deposition. (B) Graft arteriosclerosis in a cardiac transplant. (C) Transplant glomerulopathy, the characteristic manifestation of chronic antibody-mediated rejection in the kidney. The glomerulus shows inflammatory cells within the capillary loops (glomerulitis), accumulation of mesangial matrix, and duplication of the capillary basement membrane. (D) Interstitial fibrosis and tubular atrophy, resulting from arteriosclerosis of arteries and arterioles in a chronically rejecting kidney allograft. In this trichrome stain, the blue area (asterisk) shows fibrosis, contrasted with the normal kidney (top right). An artery showing prominent arteriosclerosis is shown (bottom right).

103	 Chronic rejection. (A) Graft arteriosclerosis caused by T-cell cytokines and antibody deposition. (B) Graft arteriosclerosis in a cardiac transplant. (C) Transplant glomerulopathy, the characteristic manifestation of chronic antibody-mediated rejection in the kidney. The glomerulus shows inflammatory cells within the capillary loops (glomerulitis), accumulation of mesangial matrix, and duplication of the capillary basement membrane. (D) Interstitial fibrosis and tubular atrophy, resulting from arteriosclerosis of arteries and arterioles in a chronically rejecting kidney allograft. In this trichrome stain, the blue area (asterisk) shows fibrosis, contrasted with the normal kidney (top right). An artery showing prominent arteriosclerosis is shown (bottom right).

104	 Acute graft-versus-host disease (GVHD) involving the skin. (A) Patchy epithelial cell death and dermal infiltrates of mononuclear cells (lymphocytes and macrophages). (B) Focally dead epithelial cells (arrows). 

105	 Acute graft-versus-host disease (GVHD) involving the skin. (A) Patchy epithelial cell death and dermal infiltrates of mononuclear cells (lymphocytes and macrophages). (B) Focally dead epithelial cells (arrows). 

106	 Structure of amyloid. (A) A schematic diagram of an amyloid fiber showing four fibrils (there can be as many as six in each fiber) wound around one another with regularly spaced binding of the Congo red dye. (B) Congo red  staining  shows  apple-green  birefringence  under  polarized  light,  a  diagnostic feature of amyloid. (C) Electron micrograph of 7.5- to 10-nm amyloid fibrils. 

107	 Structure of amyloid. (A) A schematic diagram of an amyloid fiber showing four fibrils (there can be as many as six in each fiber) wound around one another with regularly spaced binding of the Congo red dye. (B) Congo red  staining  shows  apple-green  birefringence  under  polarized  light,  a  diagnostic feature of amyloid. (C) Electron micrograph of 7.5- to 10-nm amyloid fibrils. 

108	 Amyloidosis. (A) A section of liver stained with Congo red reveals pink-red deposits of amyloid in the walls of blood vessels and along sinusoids. (B) Note the yellow-green birefringence of the deposits when observed by a polarizing microscope. 

109	 Amyloidosis. (A) A section of liver stained with Congo red reveals pink-red deposits of amyloid in the walls of blood vessels and along sinusoids. (B) Note the yellow-green birefringence of the deposits when observed by a polarizing microscope. 

110	Mixed tumor of the parotid gland. Small nests of epithelial cells and myxoid stroma forming cartilage and bone (an unusual feature) are present in  this  field.  

111	 Colonic  polyp. This  glandular  tumor  is  seen  projecting  into  the colonic lumen. The polyp is attached to the mucosa by a distinct stalk. 

112	Well-differentiated squamous cell carcinoma of the skin. The tumor cells are strikingly similar to normal squamous epithelial cells, with intercellular bridges and nests of keratin (arrow). 

113	 Pleomorphic  malignant  tumor  (rhabdomyosarcoma).  Note  the marked variation in cell and nuclear sizes, the hyperchromatic nuclei, and the presence  of  tumor  giant  cells.  

114	High-power detailed view of anaplastic tumor cells shows cellular and nuclear variation in size and shape. The prominent cell in the center field has an abnormal tripolar spindle. 

115	Carcinoma in situ. (A) Low-power view shows that the entire thickness of the epithelium is replaced by atypical dysplastic cells. There is no orderly differentiation of squamous cells. The basement membrane is intact, and there is no tumor in the subepithelial stroma. (B) High-power view of another region shows failure of normal differentiation, marked nuclear and cellular pleomorphism, and numerous mitotic figures extending toward the surface. The intact basement membrane (below) is not seen in this section. 

116	Carcinoma in situ. (A) Low-power view shows that the entire thickness of the epithelium is replaced by atypical dysplastic cells. There is no orderly differentiation of squamous cells. The basement membrane is intact, and there is no tumor in the subepithelial stroma. (B) High-power view of another region shows failure of normal differentiation, marked nuclear and cellular pleomorphism, and numerous mitotic figures extending toward the surface. The intact basement membrane (below) is not seen in this section. 

117	 Fibroadenoma  of  the  breast. The  tan-colored,  encapsulated  small tumor is sharply demarcated from the whiter breast tissue. 

118	 Microscopic  view  of  fibroadenoma  of  the  breast. The fibrous capsule (right) sharply delimits the tumor from the surrounding tissue. 

119	Cut section of invasive ductal carcinoma of the breast. The lesion is retracted, infiltrating the surrounding breast substance, and was stony-hard on palpation. 

120	 Microscopic view of breast carcinoma illustrates the  invasion  of  breast  stroma  and  fat  by  nests  and  cords  of  tumor  cells. Note the absence of a well-defined capsule. 

121	 A liver studded with metastatic cancer.
 
122	 Comparison between a benign tumor of the myometrium (leiomyoma) and a malignant tumor of similar origin (leiomyosarcoma). 

123	  The  metastatic  cascade:  The  sequential  steps  involved  in  the hematogenous spread of a tumor. 

124	 (A) Normal Papanicolaou smear from the uterine cervix. Large, flat cells with small nuclei are typical. (B) Abnormal smear containing a sheet of malignant cells with large hyperchromatic nuclei. Nuclear pleomorphism is evident, and one cell is in mitosis. A few interspersed neutrophils, much smaller  in  size  and  with  compact,  lobate  nuclei,  are  seen.  

125	 Diverse tumor types that share a common mutation, BRAF (V600E), may be candidates for treatment with the same BRAF inhibitors. 

126	 Diverse tumor types that share a common mutation, BRAF (V600E), may be candidates for treatment with the same BRAF inhibitors. 

127	 Diverse tumor types that share a common mutation, BRAF (V600E), may be candidates for treatment with the same BRAF inhibitors. 

128	 Diverse tumor types that share a common mutation, BRAF (V600E), may be candidates for treatment with the same BRAF inhibitors. 

129	 Diverse tumor types that share a common mutation, BRAF (V600E), may be candidates for treatment with the same BRAF inhibitors. 

130	 Genetic analysis of cancers is being utilized to identify mutations that can be targeted by drugs. 

131	 Mild  to  moderate  changes  of  CF  in  the  pancreas. The  ducts  are dilated and plugged with eosinophilic mucin, and the parenchymal glands are atrophic and replaced by fibrous tissue. 

132	 Lungs  of  a  patient  who  died  of  cystic  fibrosis.  Extensive  mucous plugging  and  dilation  of  the  tracheobronchial  tree  are  apparent. The  pulmonary  parenchyma  is  consolidated  by  a  combination  of  both  secretions and  pneumonia;  the  greenish  discoloration  is  the  product  of  Pseudomonas  infections.  

133	Ganglion cells in Tay-Sachs disease. (A) Under the light microscope, a large neuron has obvious lipid vacuolation. (B) A portion of a neuron under the electron microscope shows prominent lysosomes with whorled configurations just below part of the nucleus. 

134	Ganglion cells in Tay-Sachs disease. (A) Under the light microscope, a large neuron has obvious lipid vacuolation. (B) A portion of a neuron under the electron microscope shows prominent lysosomes with whorled configurations just below part of the nucleus. 

135	 Niemann-Pick disease in liver. The hepatocytes and Kupffer cells have  a  foamy,  vacuolated  appearance  resulting  from  deposition  of  lipids. 

136	 Gaucher disease involving the bone marrow. (A) Gaucher cells with abundant lipid-laden "wrinkled" cytoplasm. (B) Electron micrograph of Gaucher cells with elongated distended lysosomes.
 
137	 Gaucher disease involving the bone marrow. (A) Gaucher cells with abundant lipid-laden "wrinkled" cytoplasm. (B) Electron micrograph of Gaucher cells with elongated distended lysosomes.
 
138	 G-banded karyotype from a normal male (46,XY). Also shown is the banding pattern of the X-chromosome with nomenclature of arms, regions, bands, and subbands. 

139	 Examples of malformations. Malformations can range in severity from the incidental to the lethal. (A) Polydactyly (one or more extra digits) and syndactyly (fusion of digits) have little functional consequence when they occur in isolation. (B) Similarly, cleft lip, with or without associated cleft palate, is compatible with life when it occurs as an isolated anomaly; in this case, however, the child had an underlying malformation syndrome (trisomy 13) and expired because of severe cardiac defects. (C) Stillbirth associated with a lethal malformation, in which the midface structures are fused or ill-formed; in almost all cases, this degree of external dysmorphogenesis is associated with severe internal anomalies such as maldevelopment of the brain and cardiac defects. 

140	 Examples of malformations. Malformations can range in severity from the incidental to the lethal. (A) Polydactyly (one or more extra digits) and syndactyly (fusion of digits) have little functional consequence when they occur in isolation. (B) Similarly, cleft lip, with or without associated cleft palate, is compatible with life when it occurs as an isolated anomaly; in this case, however, the child had an underlying malformation syndrome (trisomy 13) and expired because of severe cardiac defects. (C) Stillbirth associated with a lethal malformation, in which the midface structures are fused or ill-formed; in almost all cases, this degree of external dysmorphogenesis is associated with severe internal anomalies such as maldevelopment of the brain and cardiac defects. 

141	 Examples of malformations. Malformations can range in severity from the incidental to the lethal. (A) Polydactyly (one or more extra digits) and syndactyly (fusion of digits) have little functional consequence when they occur in isolation. (B) Similarly, cleft lip, with or without associated cleft palate, is compatible with life when it occurs as an isolated anomaly; in this case, however, the child had an underlying malformation syndrome (trisomy 13) and expired because of severe cardiac defects. (C) Stillbirth associated with a lethal malformation, in which the midface structures are fused or ill-formed; in almost all cases, this degree of external dysmorphogenesis is associated with severe internal anomalies such as maldevelopment of the brain and cardiac defects. 

142	  Disruption  due  to  amniotic  bands.  In  the  specimen  shown,  the placenta is at the right, and the band of amnion extends from the top portion of the amniotic sac to encircle the leg of the fetus.

143	  (A)  Pathogenesis  of  the  oligohydramnios  (Potter)  sequence. (B)  Infant  with  oligohydramnios  (Potter)  sequence.  Note  flattened  facial features and deformed foot (talipes equinovarus). 

144	 Hyaline membrane disease (hematoxylin-eosin stain). Alternating atelectasis and dilation of the alveoli can be seen. Note the eosinophilic thick hyaline membranes lining the dilated alveoli. 

145	 Necrotizing enterocolitis. (A) At postmortem examination in a severe case, the entire small bowel was markedly distended and perilously thin (usually this appearance implies impending perforation). (B) The congested portion of the ileum corresponds to areas of hemorrhagic infarction and transmural necrosis. Submucosal gas bubbles (pneumatosis intestinalis) can be seen in several areas (arrows). 

146	 Necrotizing enterocolitis. (A) At postmortem examination in a severe case, the entire small bowel was markedly distended and perilously thin (usually this appearance implies impending perforation). (B) The congested portion of the ileum corresponds to areas of hemorrhagic infarction and transmural necrosis. Submucosal gas bubbles (pneumatosis intestinalis) can be seen in several areas (arrows). 

147	 Hydrops fetalis. (A) Generalized accumulation of fluid in the fetus. (B) Fluid accumulation particularly prominent in the soft tissues of the neck. This condition has been termed cystic hygroma. Cystic hygromas are characteristically seen with, but not limited to, constitutional chromosomal anomalies such as 45,X karyotypes.

148	 Hydrops fetalis. (A) Generalized accumulation of fluid in the fetus. (B) Fluid accumulation particularly prominent in the soft tissues of the neck. This condition has been termed cystic hygroma. Cystic hygromas are characteristically seen with, but not limited to, constitutional chromosomal anomalies such as 45,X karyotypes.

149	  Bone  marrow  from  an  infant  infected  with  parvovirus  B19. The arrows  point  to  two  erythroid  precursors  with  large  homogeneous  intra-nuclear inclusions and a surrounding peripheral rim of residual chromatin. 

150	  Numerous  islands  of  extramedullary  hematopoiesis  (small  blue cells) are scattered among mature hepatocytes in this histologic preparation from an infant with nonimmune hydrops fetalis. 

151	 Kernicterus. Severe hyperbilirubinemia in the neonatal period-for example, secondary to immune hydrolysis-results in deposition of bili-rubin  pigment  (arrows)  in  the  brain  parenchyma. This  occurs  because  the blood-brain  barrier  is  less  developed  in  the  neonatal  period  than  it  is  in adulthood. Infants who survive develop long-term neurologic sequelae. 

152	 Congenital capillary hemangioma (A) at birth and (B) at 2 years of age after the lesion had undergone spontaneous regression. 

153	 Congenital capillary hemangioma (A) at birth and (B) at 2 years of age after the lesion had undergone spontaneous regression. 

154	 Sacrococcygeal teratoma. Note the size of the lesion compared with that of the infant. 

155	 (A) Neuroblastoma. This tumor is composed of small cells embedded  in  a  finely  fibrillar  matrix  (neuropil). A  Homer-Wright  pseudorosette (tumor  cells  arranged  concentrically  around  a  central  core  of  neuropil)  is seen in the upper right corner. (B) Ganglioneuromas, arising from spontaneous or therapy-induced maturation of neuroblastomas, are characterized by clusters of large ganglion cells with vesicular nuclei and abundant eosinophilic cytoplasm  (arrow).  Spindle-shaped  Schwann  cells  are  present  in  the  back-ground stroma. 

156	 (A) Neuroblastoma. This tumor is composed of small cells embedded  in  a  finely  fibrillar  matrix  (neuropil). A  Homer-Wright  pseudorosette (tumor  cells  arranged  concentrically  around  a  central  core  of  neuropil)  is seen in the upper right corner. (B) Ganglioneuromas, arising from spontaneous or therapy-induced maturation of neuroblastomas, are characterized by clusters of large ganglion cells with vesicular nuclei and abundant eosinophilic cytoplasm  (arrow).  Spindle-shaped  Schwann  cells  are  present  in  the  background stroma. 

157	 (A) FISH using a fluorescein-labeled cosmid probe for N-myc on a tissue section containing neuroblastoma attached to the kidney. Note the neuroblastoma cells on the upper half of the photo with large areas of staining (yellow-green); this corresponds to amplified N-MYC in the form of homogeneously staining regions. Renal tubular epithelial cells in the lower half of the photograph show no nuclear staining and background (green) cytoplasmic staining. (B) A Kaplan-Meier survival curve of infants younger than 1 year of age with metastatic neuroblastoma. The 3-year event-free survival of infants whose  tumors  lacked  MYCN  amplification  was  93%,  whereas  those  with tumors that had MYCN amplification had only a 10% event-free survival. 

158	  Retinoblastoma.  (A)  Poorly  cohesive  tumor  in  retina  is  seen  abutting  the  optic  nerve.  (B)  Higher-power  view  showing  Flexner-Wintersteiner rosettes (arrow) and numerous mitotic figures. 

159	  Retinoblastoma.  (A)  Poorly  cohesive  tumor  in  retina  is  seen  abutting  the  optic  nerve.  (B)  Higher-power  view  showing  Flexner-Wintersteiner rosettes (arrow) and numerous mitotic figures. 

160	 Wilms tumor in the lower pole of the kidney with the characteristic tan to gray color and well-circumscribed margins. 

161	 (A) Wilms tumor with tightly packed blue cells consistent with the blastemal component and interspersed primitive tubules, representing the epithelial component. (B) Focal anaplasia was present in other areas within this Wilms tumor, characterized by cells with hyperchromatic, pleomorphic nuclei, and an abnormal mitosis (center of field). Predominance of blastemal morphology and diffuse anaplasia are associated with specific molecular lesions (see text). 

162	 (A) Wilms tumor with tightly packed blue cells consistent with the blastemal component and interspersed primitive tubules, representing the epithelial component. (B) Focal anaplasia was present in other areas within this Wilms tumor, characterized by cells with hyperchromatic, pleomorphic nuclei, and an abnormal mitosis (center of field). Predominance of blastemal morphology and diffuse anaplasia are associated with specific molecular lesions (see text). 

163	 FISH. (A) Interphase nucleus from a male patient with suspected trisomy 18. Three different fluorescent probes have been used in a "FISH cocktail"; the green probe hybridizes to the X chromosome centromere (one copy), the red probe to the Y chromosome centromere (one copy), and the aqua probe to the chromosome 18 centromere (three copies). (B) A metaphase spread in which two fluorescent probes have been used, one hybridizing to chromosome region 22q13 (green) and the other hybridizing to chromosome region 22q11.2 (red). There are two 22q13 signals. One of the two chromosomes does not stain with the probe for 22q11.2, indicating a microdeletion in this region. This abnormality gives rise to the 22q11.2 deletion syndrome (DiGeorge syndrome). 

164	 FISH. (A) Interphase nucleus from a male patient with suspected trisomy 18. Three different fluorescent probes have been used in a "FISH cocktail"; the green probe hybridizes to the X chromosome centromere (one copy), the red probe to the Y chromosome centromere (one copy), and the aqua probe to the chromosome 18 centromere (three copies). (B) A metaphase spread in which two fluorescent probes have been used, one hybridizing to chromosome region 22q13 (green) and the other hybridizing to chromosome region 22q11.2 (red). There are two 22q13 signals. One of the two chromosomes does not stain with the probe for 22q11.2, indicating a microdeletion in this region. This abnormality gives rise to the 22q11.2 deletion syndrome (DiGeorge syndrome). 

165	 Analysis of copy number variation via SNP cytogenomic array. Genomic DNA is labeled and hybridized to an array containing potentially millions of probe spots. Copy number is determined by overall intensity and genotype is determined by allelic ratio. The example shown is the p arm of chromosome 12 in a pediatric leukemia. Here, the normal areas (green) show neutral (diploid) DNA content and the zygosity plot shows the expected ratio of AA, AB, and BB SNP genotypes. The anomalous area (red) shows decreased overall intensity, and the zygosity plot shows loss of heterozygosity (the AB genotype); together, these findings indicate the presence of a deletion on one copy of chromosome 12p.

166	 Lead  poisoning.  Impaired  remodeling  of  calcified  cartilage  in  the epiphyses  (arrows)  of  the  wrist  has  caused  a  marked  increase  in  their radiodensity, so that they are as radiopaque as the cortical bone. 

167	 Adverse reaction to minocycline, a long-acting tetracycline derivative. (A) Diffuse blue-gray pigmentation of the forearm, secondary to mino-cycline  administration.  (B)  Deposition  of  drug  metabolite/iron/melanin pigment particles in the dermis. 

168	 Adverse reaction to minocycline, a long-acting tetracycline derivative. (A) Diffuse blue-gray pigmentation of the forearm, secondary to mino-cycline  administration.  (B)  Deposition  of  drug  metabolite/iron/melanin pigment particles in the dermis.

169	 (A) Laceration of the scalp: The bridging strands of fibrous tissues are evident. (B) Contusion resulting from blunt trauma. The skin is intact, but hemorrhage of subcutaneous vessels has produced extensive discoloration.

170	 (A) Laceration of the scalp: The bridging strands of fibrous tissues are evident. (B) Contusion resulting from blunt trauma. The skin is intact, but hemorrhage of subcutaneous vessels has produced extensive discoloration. 

171	 Vascular changes and fibrosis of salivary glands produced by radiation therapy of the neck region. (A) Normal salivary gland; (B) fibrosis caused by radiation; (C) fibrosis and vascular changes consisting of fibrointimal thickening and arteriolar sclerosis. V, Vessel lumen; I, thickened intima. 

172	 Vascular changes and fibrosis of salivary glands produced by radiation therapy of the neck region. (A) Normal salivary gland; (B) fibrosis caused by radiation; (C) fibrosis and vascular changes consisting of fibrointimal thickening and arteriolar sclerosis. V, Vessel lumen; I, thickened intima.

173	 Vascular changes and fibrosis of salivary glands produced by radiation therapy of the neck region. (A) Normal salivary gland; (B) fibrosis caused by radiation; (C) fibrosis and vascular changes consisting of fibrointimal thickening and arteriolar sclerosis. V, Vessel lumen; I, thickened intima.

174	 Childhood malnutrition. (A) Marasmus. Note the loss of muscle mass and subcutaneous fat; the head appears to be too large for the emaciated body. (B) Kwashiorkor. The infant shows generalized edema, seen as ascites and puffiness of the face, hands, and legs. 

175	 Childhood malnutrition. (A) Marasmus. Note the loss of muscle mass and subcutaneous fat; the head appears to be too large for the emaciated body. (B) Kwashiorkor. The infant shows generalized edema, seen as ascites and puffiness of the face, hands, and legs. 

176	 Rickets. (A) Normal costochondral junction of a young child. Note cartilage palisade formation and orderly transition from cartilage to new bone. (B) Rachitic costochondral junction in which the palisade of cartilage is absent. Darker trabeculae are well-formed bone; paler trabeculae consist of uncalcified osteoid. (C) Note bowing of legs as a consequence of the formation of poorly mineralized bone in a child with rickets.

177	 Rickets. (A) Normal costochondral junction of a young child. Note cartilage palisade formation and orderly transition from cartilage to new bone. (B) Rachitic costochondral junction in which the palisade of cartilage is absent. Darker trabeculae are well-formed bone; paler trabeculae consist of uncalcified osteoid. (C) Note bowing of legs as a consequence of the formation of poorly mineralized bone in a child with rickets. 

178	 Rickets. (A) Normal costochondral junction of a young child. Note cartilage palisade formation and orderly transition from cartilage to new bone. (B) Rachitic costochondral junction in which the palisade of cartilage is absent. Darker trabeculae are well-formed bone; paler trabeculae consist of uncalcified osteoid. (C) Note bowing of legs as a consequence of the formation of poorly mineralized bone in a child with rickets.

179	  Energy  balance  regulatory  circuitry.  When  sufficient  energy  is  stored  in  adipose  tissue  and  the  individual  is  well  fed,  afferent  adiposity  signals (insulin,  leptin,  ghrelin,  peptide YY)  are  delivered  to  the  central  neuronal  processing  units,  in  the  hypothalamus.  Here  the  adiposity  signals  inhibit  anabolic circuits and activate catabolic circuits. The effector arms of these central circuits then influence energy balance by inhibiting food intake and promoting energy expenditure. This in turn reduces the energy stores, and proadiposity signals are blunted. Conversely, when energy stores are low, the available anabolic circuits take over, at the expense of catabolic circuits, to generate energy stores in the form of adipose tissue. 

180	Examples of viral inclusions. (A) Cytomegalovirus infection in the lung. Infected cells show distinct nuclear (long arrow) and ill-defined cytoplasmic (short arrows) inclusions. (B) Varicella-zoster virus infection in the skin. Herpes simplex virus and varicella-zoster virus both cause characteristic cytopathologic changes, including fusion of epithelial cells, which produces multinucleate cells with molding of nuclei to one another (long arrow), and eosinophilic haloed nuclear inclusions (short arrow). (C) Hepatitis B viral infection in liver. In chronic infections, infected hepatocytes show diffuse granular ("ground-glass") cyto-plasm, reflecting accumulated hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg). 

181	Examples of viral inclusions. (A) Cytomegalovirus infection in the lung. Infected cells show distinct nuclear (long arrow) and ill-defined cytoplasmic (short arrows) inclusions. (B) Varicella-zoster virus infection in the skin. Herpes simplex virus and varicella-zoster virus both cause characteristic cytopathologic changes, including fusion of epithelial cells, which produces multinucleate cells with molding of nuclei to one another (long arrow), and eosinophilic haloed nuclear inclusions (short arrow). (C) Hepatitis B viral infection in liver. In chronic infections, infected hepatocytes show diffuse granular ("ground-glass") cyto-plasm, reflecting accumulated hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg). 

182	Examples of viral inclusions. (A) Cytomegalovirus infection in the lung. Infected cells show distinct nuclear (long arrow) and ill-defined cytoplasmic (short arrows) inclusions. (B) Varicella-zoster virus infection in the skin. Herpes simplex virus and varicella-zoster virus both cause characteristic cytopathologic changes, including fusion of epithelial cells, which produces multinucleate cells with molding of nuclei to one another (long arrow), and eosinophilic haloed nuclear inclusions (short arrow). (C) Hepatitis B viral infection in liver. In chronic infections, infected hepatocytes show diffuse granular ("ground-glass") cyto-plasm, reflecting accumulated hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg). 

183	Bacterial morphologies. The bacteria are indicated by arrows. (A) Gram stain preparation of sputum from a patient with pneumonia. Gram-positive, elongated cocci in pairs and short chains (Streptococcus pneumoniae) and a neutrophil are evident. (B) Gram stain preparation of a bronchoalveolar lavage specimen showing gram-negative intracellular rods typical of members of Enterobacteriaceae such as Klebsiella pneumoniae or Escherichia coli. (C) Silver stain preparation of brain tissue from a patient with Lyme disease meningoencephalitis. Two helical spirochetes (Borrelia burgdorferi) are shown (arrows). (A), (B), and (C) are at different magnifications. 

184	Bacterial morphologies. The bacteria are indicated by arrows. (A) Gram stain preparation of sputum from a patient with pneumonia. Gram-positive, elongated cocci in pairs and short chains (Streptococcus pneumoniae) and a neutrophil are evident. (B) Gram stain preparation of a bronchoalveolar lavage specimen showing gram-negative intracellular rods typical of members of Enterobacteriaceae such as Klebsiella pneumoniae or Escherichia coli. (C) Silver stain preparation of brain tissue from a patient with Lyme disease meningoencephalitis. Two helical spirochetes (Borrelia burgdorferi) are shown (arrows). (A), (B), and (C) are at different magnifications.

185	Bacterial morphologies. The bacteria are indicated by arrows. (A) Gram stain preparation of sputum from a patient with pneumonia. Gram-positive, elongated cocci in pairs and short chains (Streptococcus pneumoniae) and a neutrophil are evident. (B) Gram stain preparation of a bronchoalveolar lavage specimen showing gram-negative intracellular rods typical of members of Enterobacteriaceae such as Klebsiella pneumoniae or Escherichia coli. (C) Silver stain preparation of brain tissue from a patient with Lyme disease meningoencephalitis. Two helical spirochetes (Borrelia burgdorferi) are shown (arrows). (A), (B), and (C) are at different magnifications.

186	Meningeal blood vessels with angioinvasive Mucor species. Note the irregular width and near right-angle branching of the hyphae (arrow).

187	Coiled Trichinella spiralis larva within a skeletal muscle cell. 

188	  Mononuclear  and  granulomatous  inflammation.  (A) Acute  viral  hepatitis  characterized  by  a  predominantly  lymphocytic  infiltrate.  (B)  Secondary syphilis in the dermis with perivascular lymphoplasmacytic infiltrate and endothelial proliferation. (C) Granulomatous inflammation in response to tuberculosis. Note the zone of caseation (asterisk), which normally forms the center of the granuloma, with a surrounding rim of activated epithelioid macrophages, some of which have fused to form giant cells (arrows); this in turn is surrounded by a zone of activated T lymphocytes. This high-magnification view highlights the histologic features; the granulomatous response typically takes the form of a three-dimensional sphere with the offending organism in the central area. 

189	  Mononuclear  and  granulomatous  inflammation.  (A) Acute  viral  hepatitis  characterized  by  a  predominantly  lymphocytic  infiltrate.  (B)  Secondary syphilis in the dermis with perivascular lymphoplasmacytic infiltrate and endothelial proliferation. (C) Granulomatous inflammation in response to tuberculosis. Note the zone of caseation (asterisk), which normally forms the center of the granuloma, with a surrounding rim of activated epithelioid macrophages, some of which have fused to form giant cells (arrows); this in turn is surrounded by a zone of activated T lymphocytes. This high-magnification view highlights the histologic features; the granulomatous response typically takes the form of a three-dimensional sphere with the offending organism in the central area. 

190	  Mononuclear  and  granulomatous  inflammation.  (A) Acute  viral  hepatitis  characterized  by  a  predominantly  lymphocytic  infiltrate.  (B)  Secondary syphilis in the dermis with perivascular lymphoplasmacytic infiltrate and endothelial proliferation. (C) Granulomatous inflammation in response to tuberculosis. Note the zone of caseation (asterisk), which normally forms the center of the granuloma, with a surrounding rim of activated epithelioid macrophages, some of which have fused to form giant cells (arrows); this in turn is surrounded by a zone of activated T lymphocytes. This high-magnification view highlights the histologic features; the granulomatous response typically takes the form of a three-dimensional sphere with the offending organism in the central area. 

191	 Schistosoma haematobium infection of the bladder with numerous calcified eggs and extensive scarring. 

192	 In the absence of appropriate T-cell-mediated immunity, granulomatous  host  response  does  not  occur.  Mycobacterium  avium  infection  in  a duodenal  biopsy  from  a  patient  with AIDS,  showing  massive  intracellular macrophage infection with acid-fast organisms (filamentous and pink in this acid-fast stain preparation). The intracellular bacteria persist and even proliferate within macrophages, because there are inadequate T cells to mount a  granulomatous  response.  AIDS,  acquired  immunodeficiency  syndrome. 

193	Hypertensive vascular disease. (A) Hyaline arteriolosclerosis. The arteriolar wall is thickened with the deposition of amorphous proteinaceous material (hyalinized), and the lumen is markedly narrowed. (B) Hyperplastic arteriolosclerosis  ("onion-skinning")  (arrow)  causing  luminal  obliteration (periodic acid-Schiff stain). 

194	Hypertensive vascular disease. (A) Hyaline arteriolosclerosis. The arteriolar wall is thickened with the deposition of amorphous proteinaceous material (hyalinized), and the lumen is markedly narrowed. (B) Hyperplastic arteriolosclerosis  ("onion-skinning")  (arrow)  causing  luminal  obliteration (periodic acid-Schiff stain). 

195	Stereotypical response to vascular injury. Schematic diagram of intimal thickening, emphasizing intimal smooth muscle cell migration and proliferation associated with extracellular matrix synthesis. Intimal smooth muscle cells may derive from the underlying media or may be recruited from circulating precursors; they are depicted in a color different from that of the medial smooth muscle cells, to emphasize their distinct phenotype. 

196	The basic structure of an atheromatous plaque. 

197	 Fatty streaks. (A) Aorta with fatty streaks (arrows), mainly near the ostia of branch vessels. (B) Fatty streak in an experimental hypercholesterolemic rabbit, demonstrating intimal, macrophage-derived foam cells (arrows).

198	 Fatty streaks. (A) Aorta with fatty streaks (arrows), mainly near the ostia of branch vessels. (B) Fatty streak in an experimental hypercholesterolemic rabbit, demonstrating intimal, macrophage-derived foam cells (arrows). 

199	 Atherosclerotic lesions. (A) Aorta with mild atherosclerosis composed of fibrous plaques, one denoted by the arrow. (B) Aorta with severe diffuse complicated lesions, including an ulcerated plaque (open arrow), and a lesion with overlying thrombus (closed arrow). 

200	 Atherosclerotic lesions. (A) Aorta with mild atherosclerosis composed of fibrous plaques, one denoted by the arrow. (B) Aorta with severe diffuse complicated lesions, including an ulcerated plaque (open arrow), and a lesion with overlying thrombus (closed arrow). 

201	  Atherosclerotic  plaque,  coronary  artery.  (A)  Overall  architecture  demonstrating  fibrous  cap  (F)  and  a  central  necrotic  (largely  lipid)  core  (C); collagen (blue) is stained with Masson trichrome. The lumen (L) is moderately narrowed by this eccentric lesion, which leaves part of the vessel wall unaffected (arrow). (B) Moderate-power view of the plaque shown in A, stained for elastin (black); the internal and external elastic membranes are attenuated, and the media of the artery is thinned under the most advanced plaque (arrow). (C) High-power view of the junction of the fibrous cap and core, showing scattered inflammatory cells, calcification (arrowheads), and neovascularization (small arrows).
 
202	  Atherosclerotic  plaque,  coronary  artery.  (A)  Overall  architecture  demonstrating  fibrous  cap  (F)  and  a  central  necrotic  (largely  lipid)  core  (C); collagen (blue) is stained with Masson trichrome. The lumen (L) is moderately narrowed by this eccentric lesion, which leaves part of the vessel wall unaffected (arrow). (B) Moderate-power view of the plaque shown in A, stained for elastin (black); the internal and external elastic membranes are attenuated, and the media of the artery is thinned under the most advanced plaque (arrow). (C) High-power view of the junction of the fibrous cap and core, showing scattered inflammatory cells, calcification (arrowheads), and neovascularization (small arrows). 

203	  Atherosclerotic  plaque,  coronary  artery.  (A)  Overall  architecture  demonstrating  fibrous  cap  (F)  and  a  central  necrotic  (largely  lipid)  core  (C); collagen (blue) is stained with Masson trichrome. The lumen (L) is moderately narrowed by this eccentric lesion, which leaves part of the vessel wall unaffected (arrow). (B) Moderate-power view of the plaque shown in A, stained for elastin (black); the internal and external elastic membranes are attenuated, and the media of the artery is thinned under the most advanced plaque (arrow). (C) High-power view of the junction of the fibrous cap and core, showing scattered inflammatory cells, calcification (arrowheads), and neovascularization (small arrows). 
204	 Atherosclerotic plaque rupture. (A) Plaque rupture without superimposed thrombus, in a patient who died suddenly. (B) Acute coronary throm-bosis superimposed on an atherosclerotic plaque with focal disruption of the fibrous cap, triggering fatal myocardial infarction. In both A and B, an arrow points to the site of plaque rupture.

205	 Atherosclerotic plaque rupture. (A) Plaque rupture without superimposed thrombus, in a patient who died suddenly. (B) Acute coronary throm-bosis superimposed on an atherosclerotic plaque with focal disruption of the fibrous cap, triggering fatal myocardial infarction. In both A and B, an arrow points to the site of plaque rupture. 

206	 Cystic medial degeneration. (A) Cross-section of aortic media from a patient with Marfan syndrome, showing marked elastin fragmentation and areas devoid of elastin that resemble cystic spaces (asterisks). (B) Normal media for comparison, showing the regular layered pattern of elastic tissue. In both (A) and (B), elastin is stained black. 

207	 Cystic medial degeneration. (A) Cross-section of aortic media from a patient with Marfan syndrome, showing marked elastin fragmentation and areas devoid of elastin that resemble cystic spaces (asterisks). (B) Normal media for comparison, showing the regular layered pattern of elastic tissue. In both (A) and (B), elastin is stained black. 

208	  Abdominal  aortic  aneurysm.  (A)  External  site  of  rupture  of  a large aortic aneurysm is indicated by the arrow. (B) Opened aorta, with the location of the rupture tract indicated by a probe. The wall of the aneurysm is attenuated, and the lumen is filled by a large, layered thrombus. 

209	  Abdominal  aortic  aneurysm.  (A)  External  site  of  rupture  of  a large aortic aneurysm is indicated by the arrow. (B) Opened aorta, with the location of the rupture tract indicated by a probe. The wall of the aneurysm is attenuated, and the lumen is filled by a large, layered thrombus. 

210	 Aortic dissection. (A) An opened aorta with a proximal dissection originating from a small, oblique intimal tear (identified by the probe) associated with an intramural hematoma. Note that the intimal tear occurred in a region largely free of atherosclerotic plaque. The distal edge of the intramural hematoma (black arrows) lies at the edge of a large area of atherosclerosis (white arrow), which arrested the propagation of the dissection. (B) Histologic preparation showing the dissection and intramural hematoma (asterisk). Aortic elastic layers are black, and blood is red in this section, stained with Movat stain. 

211	 Aortic dissection. (A) An opened aorta with a proximal dissection originating from a small, oblique intimal tear (identified by the probe) associated with an intramural hematoma. Note that the intimal tear occurred in a region largely free of atherosclerotic plaque. The distal edge of the intramural hematoma (black arrows) lies at the edge of a large area of atherosclerosis (white arrow), which arrested the propagation of the dissection. (B) Histologic preparation showing the dissection and intramural hematoma (asterisk). Aortic elastic layers are black, and blood is red in this section, stained with Movat stain. 

212	 Temporal (giant cell) arteritis. (A) Hematoxylin-eosin-stained section of a temporal artery showing giant cells near the fragmented internal elastic membrane (arrow), along with medial and adventitial inflammation. (B) Elastic tissue stain demonstrating focal destruction of the internal elastic membrane (arrow) and medial attenuation and scarring. 

213	 Temporal (giant cell) arteritis. (A) Hematoxylin-eosin-stained section of a temporal artery showing giant cells near the fragmented internal elastic membrane (arrow), along with medial and adventitial inflammation. (B) Elastic tissue stain demonstrating focal destruction of the internal elastic membrane (arrow) and medial attenuation and scarring. 

214	 Takayasu arteritis. (A) Aortic arch angiogram showing reduced flow of contrast material into the great vessels and narrowing of the bra-chiocephalic, carotid, and subclavian arteries (arrows). (B) Cross-sections of the right carotid artery from the patient shown in A demonstrating marked intimal  thickening  and  luminal  narrowing. The  white  circles  correspond  to the  original  vessel  wall;  the  inner  core  of  tan  tissue  is  the  area  of  intimal hyperplasia. (C) Histologic appearance in active Takayasu aortitis illustrating destruction and fibrosis of the arterial media associated with mononuclear infiltrates and giant cells (arrows). 

215	 Takayasu arteritis. (A) Aortic arch angiogram showing reduced flow of contrast material into the great vessels and narrowing of the bra-chiocephalic, carotid, and subclavian arteries (arrows). (B) Cross-sections of the right carotid artery from the patient shown in A demonstrating marked intimal  thickening  and  luminal  narrowing. The  white  circles  correspond  to the  original  vessel  wall;  the  inner  core  of  tan  tissue  is  the  area  of  intimal hyperplasia. (C) Histologic appearance in active Takayasu aortitis illustrating destruction and fibrosis of the arterial media associated with mononuclear infiltrates and giant cells (arrows). 

216	 Takayasu arteritis. (A) Aortic arch angiogram showing reduced flow of contrast material into the great vessels and narrowing of the brachiocephalic, carotid, and subclavian arteries (arrows). (B) Cross-sections of the right carotid artery from the patient shown in A demonstrating marked intimal  thickening  and  luminal  narrowing. The  white  circles  correspond  to the  original  vessel  wall;  the  inner  core  of  tan  tissue  is  the  area  of  intimal hyperplasia. (C) Histologic appearance in active Takayasu aortitis illustrating destruction and fibrosis of the arterial media associated with mononuclear infiltrates and giant cells (arrows). 

217	 Polyarteritis nodosa, associated with segmental fibrinoid necrosis and  thrombotic  occlusion  of  a  small  artery.  Note  that  part  of  the  vessel (upper-right, arrow) is uninvolved. 

218	 ANCA-associated small vessel vasculitis. (A) Microscopic polyangiitis (leukocytoclastic vasculitis) with fragmented neutrophils in the thickened vessel wall. (B and C) Granulomatosis with polyangiitis. (B) Vasculitis of a small artery with adjacent granulomatous inflammation including giant cells (arrows). (C) Lung from a patient with granulomatosis with polyangiitis, demonstrating large nodular cavitating lesions.

219	 ANCA-associated small vessel vasculitis. (A) Microscopic polyangiitis (leukocytoclastic vasculitis) with fragmented neutrophils in the thickened vessel wall. (B and C) Granulomatosis with polyangiitis. (B) Vasculitis of a small artery with adjacent granulomatous inflammation including giant cells (arrows). (C) Lung from a patient with granulomatosis with polyangiitis, demonstrating large nodular cavitating lesions. 

220	 ANCA-associated small vessel vasculitis. (A) Microscopic polyangiitis (leukocytoclastic vasculitis) with fragmented neutrophils in the thickened vessel wall. (B and C) Granulomatosis with polyangiitis. (B) Vasculitis of a small artery with adjacent granulomatous inflammation including giant cells (arrows). (C) Lung from a patient with granulomatosis with polyangiitis, demonstrating large nodular cavitating lesions. 

221	  Thromboangiitis  obliterans  (Buerger  disease).  The  lumen  is occluded  by  thrombus  containing  a  sterile  abscess  (arrow),  and  the  vessel wall is infiltrated with leukocytes. 

222	 Hemangiomas. (A) Hemangioma of the tongue. (B) Histologic appearance in juvenile capillary hemangioma. (C) Pyogenic granuloma of the lip. (D) Histologic appearance in cavernous hemangioma. 

223	  Bacillary  angiomatosis.  (A)  Characteristic  cutaneous  lesion.  (B)  Histologic  features  are  those  of  acute  inflammation  and  capillary  proliferation. Inset, Modified silver (Warthin-Starry) stain demonstrates clusters of tangled bacilli (black). 

224	  Bacillary  angiomatosis.  (A)  Characteristic  cutaneous  lesion.  (B)  Histologic  features  are  those  of  acute  inflammation  and  capillary  proliferation. Inset, Modified silver (Warthin-Starry) stain demonstrates clusters of tangled bacilli (black).

225	 Kaposi sarcoma. (A) Characteristic coalescent cutaneous red-purple macules and plaques. (B) Histologic view of the nodular stage, demonstrating sheets  of  plump,  proliferating  spindle  cells  and  slitlike  vascular  spaces.
  
226	 Kaposi sarcoma. (A) Characteristic coalescent cutaneous red-purple macules and plaques. (B) Histologic view of the nodular stage, demonstrating sheets  of  plump,  proliferating  spindle  cells  and  slitlike  vascular  spaces.

227	  Angiosarcoma.  (A) Angiosarcoma  of  the  right  ventricle.  (B)  Moderately  differentiated  angiosarcoma  with  dense  clumps  of  atypical  cells  lining distinct vascular lumina. (C) Immunohistochemical staining of angiosarcoma for the endothelial cell marker CD31. 

228	  Angiosarcoma.  (A) Angiosarcoma  of  the  right  ventricle.  (B)  Moderately  differentiated  angiosarcoma  with  dense  clumps  of  atypical  cells  lining distinct vascular lumina. (C) Immunohistochemical staining of angiosarcoma for the endothelial cell marker CD31. 

229	  Angiosarcoma.  (A) Angiosarcoma  of  the  right  ventricle.  (B)  Moderately  differentiated  angiosarcoma  with  dense  clumps  of  atypical  cells  lining distinct vascular lumina. (C) Immunohistochemical staining of angiosarcoma for the endothelial cell marker CD31. 

230	  Restenosis  after  angioplasty  and  stenting.  (A)  Gross  view  demonstrating  residual  atherosclerotic  plaque  (arrows)  and  a  new,  glistening  intimal proliferative lesion. (B) Histologic view shows a thickened neointima overlying the stent wires (black diamond indicated by the arrow), which encroaches on the lumen (asterisk).

231	  Restenosis  after  angioplasty  and  stenting.  (A)  Gross  view  demonstrating  residual  atherosclerotic  plaque  (arrows)  and  a  new,  glistening  intimal proliferative lesion. (B) Histologic view shows a thickened neointima overlying the stent wires (black diamond indicated by the arrow), which encroaches on the lumen (asterisk). 

232	Left ventricular hypertrophy. (A) Pressure hypertrophy due to left ventricular outflow obstruction. The left ventricle is on the lower right in this apical  four-chamber  view  of  the  heart.  (B)  Left  ventricular  hypertrophy  with  and  without  dilation,  viewed  in  transverse  heart  sections.  Compared  with  a normal heart (center), the pressure-hypertrophied hearts (left and in A) have increased mass and a thick left ventricular wall, while the hypertrophied, dilated heart (right) has increased mass and a normal wall thickness. (C) Normal myocardium. (D) Hypertrophied myocardium (panels C and D are photomicrographs at the same magnification). Note the increases in both cell size and nuclear size in the hypertrophied myocytes. 

233	Left ventricular hypertrophy. (A) Pressure hypertrophy due to left ventricular outflow obstruction. The left ventricle is on the lower right in this apical  four-chamber  view  of  the  heart.  (B)  Left  ventricular  hypertrophy  with  and  without  dilation,  viewed  in  transverse  heart  sections.  Compared  with  a normal heart (center), the pressure-hypertrophied hearts (left and in A) have increased mass and a thick left ventricular wall, while the hypertrophied, dilated heart (right) has increased mass and a normal wall thickness. (C) Normal myocardium. (D) Hypertrophied myocardium (panels C and D are photomicrographs at the same magnification). Note the increases in both cell size and nuclear size in the hypertrophied myocytes. 

234	Left ventricular hypertrophy. (A) Pressure hypertrophy due to left ventricular outflow obstruction. The left ventricle is on the lower right in this apical  four-chamber  view  of  the  heart.  (B)  Left  ventricular  hypertrophy  with  and  without  dilation,  viewed  in  transverse  heart  sections.  Compared  with  a normal heart (center), the pressure-hypertrophied hearts (left and in A) have increased mass and a thick left ventricular wall, while the hypertrophied, dilated heart (right) has increased mass and a normal wall thickness. (C) Normal myocardium. (D) Hypertrophied myocardium (panels C and D are photomicrographs at the same magnification). Note the increases in both cell size and nuclear size in the hypertrophied myocytes.

235	Left ventricular hypertrophy. (A) Pressure hypertrophy due to left ventricular outflow obstruction. The left ventricle is on the lower right in this apical  four-chamber  view  of  the  heart.  (B)  Left  ventricular  hypertrophy  with  and  without  dilation,  viewed  in  transverse  heart  sections.  Compared  with  a normal heart (center), the pressure-hypertrophied hearts (left and in A) have increased mass and a thick left ventricular wall, while the hypertrophied, dilated heart (right) has increased mass and a normal wall thickness. (C) Normal myocardium. (D) Hypertrophied myocardium (panels C and D are photomicrographs at the same magnification). Note the increases in both cell size and nuclear size in the hypertrophied myocytes. 

236	Common congenital causes of left-to-right shunts (arrows indicate direction of blood flow). (A) Atrial septal defect (ASD). (B) Ventricular septal defect (VSD). (C) Patent ductus arteriosus (PDA). Ao, Aorta; LA, left atrium; LV, left ventricle; PT, pulmonary trunk; RA, right atrium; RV, right ventricle. 

237	Ventricular septal defect of the membranous type (arrow). 

238	Common congenital right-to-left shunts (cyanotic congenital heart disease).  (A) Tetralogy  of  Fallot  (arrow  indicates  direction  of  blood  flow). (B) Transposition  of  the  great  vessels  with  and  without VSD.  Ao,  Aorta; LA,  left  atrium;  LV,  left  ventricle;  PT,  pulmonary  trunk;  RA,  right  atrium; RV, right ventricle. 

239	Coarctation of the aorta with ("infantile" or preductal form) and without a patent ductus arteriosus (PDA) ("adult" or postductal form); arrow indicates direction of blood flow. Ao, Aorta; LA, left atrium; LV, left ventricle; PT, pulmonary trunk; RA, right atrium; RV, right ventricle. 

240	 Coarctation  of  the  aorta,  postductal  type. The  coarctation  is  a segmental narrowing of the aorta (arrow). Such lesions typically manifest later in  life  than  preductal  coarctations. The  dilated  ascending  aorta  and  major branch vessels are to the left of the coarctation. The lower extremities are perfused predominantly by way of dilated, tortuous collateral channels. 

241	  Acute  myocardial  infarct  of  the  posterolateral  left  ventricle demonstrated by a lack of triphenyltetrazolium chloride staining in areas of necrosis (arrow); the absence of staining is due to enzyme leakage after cell death.  Note  the  anterior  scar  (arrowhead),  indicative  of  remote  infarction. The myocardial hemorrhage at the right edge of the infarct (asterisk) is due to  ventricular  rupture,  and  was  the  acute  cause  of  death  in  this  patient (specimen is oriented with the posterior wall at the top). 

242	 Microscopic features of myocardial infarction and its repair. (A) One-day-old infarct showing coagulative necrosis and wavy fibers, compared with adjacent normal fibers (right). Necrotic cells are separated by edema fluid. (B) Dense neutrophilic infiltrate in the area of a 2- to 3-day-old infarct. (C) Nearly complete  removal  of  necrotic  myocytes  by  phagocytic  macrophages  (7  to  10  days).  (D)  Granulation  tissue  characterized  by  loose  connective  tissue  and abundant  capillaries.  (E)  Healed  myocardial  infarct  consisting  of  a  dense  collagenous  scar. A  few  residual  cardiac  muscle  cells  are  present.  (D)  and  (E)  are Masson's trichrome stain, which stains collagen blue.
 
243	 Microscopic features of myocardial infarction and its repair. (A) One-day-old infarct showing coagulative necrosis and wavy fibers, compared with adjacent normal fibers (right). Necrotic cells are separated by edema fluid. (B) Dense neutrophilic infiltrate in the area of a 2- to 3-day-old infarct. (C) Nearly complete  removal  of  necrotic  myocytes  by  phagocytic  macrophages  (7  to  10  days).  (D)  Granulation  tissue  characterized  by  loose  connective  tissue  and abundant  capillaries.  (E)  Healed  myocardial  infarct  consisting  of  a  dense  collagenous  scar. A  few  residual  cardiac  muscle  cells  are  present.  (D)  and  (E)  are Masson's trichrome stain, which stains collagen blue.
 
244	 Microscopic features of myocardial infarction and its repair. (A) One-day-old infarct showing coagulative necrosis and wavy fibers, compared with adjacent normal fibers (right). Necrotic cells are separated by edema fluid. (B) Dense neutrophilic infiltrate in the area of a 2- to 3-day-old infarct. (C) Nearly complete  removal  of  necrotic  myocytes  by  phagocytic  macrophages  (7  to  10  days).  (D)  Granulation  tissue  characterized  by  loose  connective  tissue  and abundant  capillaries.  (E)  Healed  myocardial  infarct  consisting  of  a  dense  collagenous  scar. A  few  residual  cardiac  muscle  cells  are  present.  (D)  and  (E)  are Masson's trichrome stain, which stains collagen blue. 

245	 Microscopic features of myocardial infarction and its repair. (A) One-day-old infarct showing coagulative necrosis and wavy fibers, compared with adjacent normal fibers (right). Necrotic cells are separated by edema fluid. (B) Dense neutrophilic infiltrate in the area of a 2- to 3-day-old infarct. (C) Nearly complete  removal  of  necrotic  myocytes  by  phagocytic  macrophages  (7  to  10  days).  (D)  Granulation  tissue  characterized  by  loose  connective  tissue  and abundant  capillaries.  (E)  Healed  myocardial  infarct  consisting  of  a  dense  collagenous  scar. A  few  residual  cardiac  muscle  cells  are  present.  (D)  and  (E)  are Masson's trichrome stain, which stains collagen blue. 

246	 Microscopic features of myocardial infarction and its repair. (A) One-day-old infarct showing coagulative necrosis and wavy fibers, compared with adjacent normal fibers (right). Necrotic cells are separated by edema fluid. (B) Dense neutrophilic infiltrate in the area of a 2- to 3-day-old infarct. (C) Nearly complete  removal  of  necrotic  myocytes  by  phagocytic  macrophages  (7  to  10  days).  (D)  Granulation  tissue  characterized  by  loose  connective  tissue  and abundant  capillaries.  (E)  Healed  myocardial  infarct  consisting  of  a  dense  collagenous  scar. A  few  residual  cardiac  muscle  cells  are  present.  (D)  and  (E)  are Masson's trichrome stain, which stains collagen blue. 

247	 Reperfused myocardial infarction. (A) The transverse heart slice (stained with triphenyl tetrazolium chloride) exhibits a large anterior wall myo-cardial infarction that is hemorrhagic because of bleeding from damaged vessels. The posterior wall is at the top. (B) Hemorrhage and contraction bands, visible as prominent hypereosinophilic cross-striations spanning myofibers (arrow), are seen microscopically. 

248	 Reperfused myocardial infarction. (A) The transverse heart slice (stained with triphenyl tetrazolium chloride) exhibits a large anterior wall myo-cardial infarction that is hemorrhagic because of bleeding from damaged vessels. The posterior wall is at the top. (B) Hemorrhage and contraction bands, visible as prominent hypereosinophilic cross-striations spanning myofibers (arrow), are seen microscopically. 

249	 Complications of myocardial infarction. (A to C) Cardiac rupture. (A) Anterior free wall myocardial rupture (arrow). (B) Ventricular septal rupture (arrow). (C) Papillary muscle rupture. (D) Fibrinous pericarditis, with a hemorrhagic, roughened epicardial surface overlying an acute infarct. (E) Recent expansion of an anteroapical infarct with wall stretching and thinning (arrow) and mural thrombus. (F) Large apical left ventricular aneurysm (arrow).

250	 Complications of myocardial infarction. (A to C) Cardiac rupture. (A) Anterior free wall myocardial rupture (arrow). (B) Ventricular septal rupture (arrow). (C) Papillary muscle rupture. (D) Fibrinous pericarditis, with a hemorrhagic, roughened epicardial surface overlying an acute infarct. (E) Recent expansion of an anteroapical infarct with wall stretching and thinning (arrow) and mural thrombus. (F) Large apical left ventricular aneurysm (arrow). 

251	 Complications of myocardial infarction. (A to C) Cardiac rupture. (A) Anterior free wall myocardial rupture (arrow). (B) Ventricular septal rupture (arrow). (C) Papillary muscle rupture. (D) Fibrinous pericarditis, with a hemorrhagic, roughened epicardial surface overlying an acute infarct. (E) Recent expansion of an anteroapical infarct with wall stretching and thinning (arrow) and mural thrombus. (F) Large apical left ventricular aneurysm (arrow). 

252	 Complications of myocardial infarction. (A to C) Cardiac rupture. (A) Anterior free wall myocardial rupture (arrow). (B) Ventricular septal rupture (arrow). (C) Papillary muscle rupture. (D) Fibrinous pericarditis, with a hemorrhagic, roughened epicardial surface overlying an acute infarct. (E) Recent expansion of an anteroapical infarct with wall stretching and thinning (arrow) and mural thrombus. (F) Large apical left ventricular aneurysm (arrow). 

253	 Complications of myocardial infarction. (A to C) Cardiac rupture. (A) Anterior free wall myocardial rupture (arrow). (B) Ventricular septal rupture (arrow). (C) Papillary muscle rupture. (D) Fibrinous pericarditis, with a hemorrhagic, roughened epicardial surface overlying an acute infarct. (E) Recent expansion of an anteroapical infarct with wall stretching and thinning (arrow) and mural thrombus. (F) Large apical left ventricular aneurysm (arrow). 

254	 Complications of myocardial infarction. (A to C) Cardiac rupture. (A) Anterior free wall myocardial rupture (arrow). (B) Ventricular septal rupture (arrow). (C) Papillary muscle rupture. (D) Fibrinous pericarditis, with a hemorrhagic, roughened epicardial surface overlying an acute infarct. (E) Recent expansion of an anteroapical infarct with wall stretching and thinning (arrow) and mural thrombus. (F) Large apical left ventricular aneurysm (arrow). 

255	 Hypertensive heart disease. (A) Systemic (left-sided) hypertensive heart disease. There is marked concentric thickening of the left ventricular wall causing reduction in lumen size. The left ventricle and left atrium are shown on the right in this four-chamber view of the heart. A pacemaker is present incidentally  in  the  right  ventricle (arrow).  Note  also  the  left  atrial  dilation (asterisk)  due  to  stiffening  of  the  left  ventricle  and  impaired  diastolic  relaxation, leading to atrial volume overload. (B) Chronic cor pulmonale. The right ventricle (shown on the left) is markedly dilated and hypertrophied with a thickened free wall and hypertrophied trabeculae. The shape and volume of the left ventricle have been distorted by the enlarged right ventricle. 

256	 Hypertensive heart disease. (A) Systemic (left-sided) hypertensive heart disease. There is marked concentric thickening of the left ventricular wall causing reduction in lumen size. The left ventricle and left atrium are shown on the right in this four-chamber view of the heart. A pacemaker is present incidentally  in  the  right  ventricle (arrow).  Note  also  the  left  atrial  dilation (asterisk)  due  to  stiffening  of  the  left  ventricle  and  impaired  diastolic  relaxation, leading to atrial volume overload. (B) Chronic cor pulmonale. The right ventricle (shown on the left) is markedly dilated and hypertrophied with a thickened free wall and hypertrophied trabeculae. The shape and volume of the left ventricle have been distorted by the enlarged right ventricle. 

257	  Calcific  valvular  degeneration.  (A)  Calcific  aortic  stenosis  of  a previously normal valve (viewed from above the valve). Nodular masses of calcium are heaped up within the sinuses of Valsalva (arrow). Note that the commissures  are  not  fused,  as  in  rheumatic  aortic  valve  stenosis.  (B)  Calcific  aortic  stenosis  occurring  on  a  congenitally  bicuspid valve.  One  cusp  has  a  partial  fusion  at  its  center,  called  a  raphe  (arrow). (C and D) Mitral calcification, with calcific nodules within the annulus (attach-ment margin) of the mitral leaflets (arrows). (C) Left atrial view. (D) Section demonstrating the extension of calcification into the underlying myocardium. Such  involvement  of  adjacent  structures  near  the  interventricular  septum can impinge on the conduction system. 

258	  Calcific  valvular  degeneration.  (A)  Calcific  aortic  stenosis  of  a previously normal valve (viewed from above the valve). Nodular masses of calcium are heaped up within the sinuses of Valsalva (arrow). Note that the commissures  are  not  fused,  as  in  rheumatic  aortic  valve  stenosis.  (B)  Calcific  aortic  stenosis  occurring  on  a  congenitally  bicuspid valve.  One  cusp  has  a  partial  fusion  at  its  center,  called  a  raphe  (arrow). (C and D) Mitral calcification, with calcific nodules within the annulus (attachment margin) of the mitral leaflets (arrows). (C) Left atrial view. (D) Section demonstrating the extension of calcification into the underlying myocardium. Such  involvement  of  adjacent  structures  near  the  interventricular  septum can impinge on the conduction system. 

259	  Calcific  valvular  degeneration.  (A)  Calcific  aortic  stenosis  of  a previously normal valve (viewed from above the valve). Nodular masses of calcium are heaped up within the sinuses of Valsalva (arrow). Note that the commissures  are  not  fused,  as  in  rheumatic  aortic  valve  stenosis.  (B)  Calcific  aortic  stenosis  occurring  on  a  congenitally  bicuspid valve.  One  cusp  has  a  partial  fusion  at  its  center,  called  a  raphe  (arrow). (C and D) Mitral calcification, with calcific nodules within the annulus (attachment margin) of the mitral leaflets (arrows). (C) Left atrial view. (D) Section demonstrating the extension of calcification into the underlying myocardium. Such  involvement  of  adjacent  structures  near  the  interventricular  septum can impinge on the conduction system. 

260	  Calcific  valvular  degeneration.  (A)  Calcific  aortic  stenosis  of  a previously normal valve (viewed from above the valve). Nodular masses of calcium are heaped up within the sinuses of Valsalva (arrow). Note that the commissures  are  not  fused,  as  in  rheumatic  aortic  valve  stenosis.  (B)  Calcific  aortic  stenosis  occurring  on  a  congenitally  bicuspid valve.  One  cusp  has  a  partial  fusion  at  its  center,  called  a  raphe  (arrow). (C and D) Mitral calcification, with calcific nodules within the annulus (attachment margin) of the mitral leaflets (arrows). (C) Left atrial view. (D) Section demonstrating the extension of calcification into the underlying myocardium. Such  involvement  of  adjacent  structures  near  the  interventricular  septum can impinge on the conduction system. 

261	 Myxomatous degeneration of the mitral valve. There is prominent hooding with prolapse of the posterior mitral leaflet (arrow) into the left atrium; the atrium also is dilated, reflecting long-standing valvular insufficiency and volume overload. The left ventricle is shown on the right in this four-chamber view. 

262	 Rheumatic heart disease. (A) Acute rheumatic mitral valvulitis superimposed on chronic rheumatic heart disease. Small vegetations (verrucae) are visible along the line of closure of the mitral valve leaflet (arrows). Previous episodes of rheumatic valvulitis have caused fibrous thickening and fusion of the chordae tendineae. (B) Microscopic appearance of an Aschoff body in acute rheumatic carditis; there is central necrosis associated with a circumscribed collection of mononuclear inflammatory cells, including some activated macrophages with prominent nucleoli and central wavy (caterpillar) chromatin (arrows). (C and D) Mitral  stenosis  with  diffuse  fibrous  thickening  and  distortion  of  the  valve  leaflets,  commissural  fusion  (arrows),  and  thickening  and  shortening  of  the  chordae tendineae. There is marked left atrial dilation as seen from above the valve (C). (D) Anterior leaflet of an opened rheumatic mitral valve; note the neovascularization (arrow). (E) Surgically removed specimen of rheumatic aortic stenosis, demonstrating thickening and distortion of the cusps with commissural fusion. 

263	 Rheumatic heart disease. (A) Acute rheumatic mitral valvulitis superimposed on chronic rheumatic heart disease. Small vegetations (verrucae) are visible along the line of closure of the mitral valve leaflet (arrows). Previous episodes of rheumatic valvulitis have caused fibrous thickening and fusion of the chordae tendineae. (B) Microscopic appearance of an Aschoff body in acute rheumatic carditis; there is central necrosis associated with a circumscribed collection of mononuclear inflammatory cells, including some activated macrophages with prominent nucleoli and central wavy (caterpillar) chromatin (arrows). (C and D) Mitral  stenosis  with  diffuse  fibrous  thickening  and  distortion  of  the  valve  leaflets,  commissural  fusion  (arrows),  and  thickening  and  shortening  of  the  chordae tendineae. There is marked left atrial dilation as seen from above the valve (C). (D) Anterior leaflet of an opened rheumatic mitral valve; note the neovascularization (arrow). (E) Surgically removed specimen of rheumatic aortic stenosis, demonstrating thickening and distortion of the cusps with commissural fusion.

264	 Rheumatic heart disease. (A) Acute rheumatic mitral valvulitis superimposed on chronic rheumatic heart disease. Small vegetations (verrucae) are visible along the line of closure of the mitral valve leaflet (arrows). Previous episodes of rheumatic valvulitis have caused fibrous thickening and fusion of the chordae tendineae. (B) Microscopic appearance of an Aschoff body in acute rheumatic carditis; there is central necrosis associated with a circumscribed collection of mononuclear inflammatory cells, including some activated macrophages with prominent nucleoli and central wavy (caterpillar) chromatin (arrows). (C and D) Mitral  stenosis  with  diffuse  fibrous  thickening  and  distortion  of  the  valve  leaflets,  commissural  fusion  (arrows),  and  thickening  and  shortening  of  the  chordae tendineae. There is marked left atrial dilation as seen from above the valve (C). (D) Anterior leaflet of an opened rheumatic mitral valve; note the neovascularization (arrow). (E) Surgically removed specimen of rheumatic aortic stenosis, demonstrating thickening and distortion of the cusps with commissural fusion. 

265	 Rheumatic heart disease. (A) Acute rheumatic mitral valvulitis superimposed on chronic rheumatic heart disease. Small vegetations (verrucae) are visible along the line of closure of the mitral valve leaflet (arrows). Previous episodes of rheumatic valvulitis have caused fibrous thickening and fusion of the chordae tendineae. (B) Microscopic appearance of an Aschoff body in acute rheumatic carditis; there is central necrosis associated with a circumscribed collection of mononuclear inflammatory cells, including some activated macrophages with prominent nucleoli and central wavy (caterpillar) chromatin (arrows). (C and D) Mitral  stenosis  with  diffuse  fibrous  thickening  and  distortion  of  the  valve  leaflets,  commissural  fusion  (arrows),  and  thickening  and  shortening  of  the  chordae tendineae. There is marked left atrial dilation as seen from above the valve (C). (D) Anterior leaflet of an opened rheumatic mitral valve; note the neovascularization (arrow). (E) Surgically removed specimen of rheumatic aortic stenosis, demonstrating thickening and distortion of the cusps with commissural fusion.

266	 Rheumatic heart disease. (A) Acute rheumatic mitral valvulitis superimposed on chronic rheumatic heart disease. Small vegetations (verrucae) are visible along the line of closure of the mitral valve leaflet (arrows). Previous episodes of rheumatic valvulitis have caused fibrous thickening and fusion of the chordae tendineae. (B) Microscopic appearance of an Aschoff body in acute rheumatic carditis; there is central necrosis associated with a circumscribed collection of mononuclear inflammatory cells, including some activated macrophages with prominent nucleoli and central wavy (caterpillar) chromatin (arrows). (C and D) Mitral  stenosis  with  diffuse  fibrous  thickening  and  distortion  of  the  valve  leaflets,  commissural  fusion  (arrows),  and  thickening  and  shortening  of  the  chordae tendineae. There is marked left atrial dilation as seen from above the valve (C). (D) Anterior leaflet of an opened rheumatic mitral valve; note the neovascularization (arrow). (E) Surgically removed specimen of rheumatic aortic stenosis, demonstrating thickening and distortion of the cusps with commissural fusion. 

267	 Major forms of vegetative endocarditis. The acute rheumatic fever phase of rheumatic heart disease (RHD) is marked by the appearance of small, warty,  inflammatory  vegetations  along  the  lines  of  valve  closure;  as  the  inflammation  resolves,  substantial  scarring  can  result.  Infective  endocarditis  (IE)  is characterized by large, irregular, often destructive masses that can extend from valve leaflets onto adjacent structures (e.g., chordae or myocardium). Non-bacterial  thrombotic  endocarditis  (NBTE)  typically  manifests  with  small-  to  medium-sized,  bland,  nondestructive  vegetations  at  the  line  of  valve  closure. Libman-Sacks endocarditis (LSE) is characterized by small- to medium-sized inflammatory vegetations that can be attached on either side of the valve leaflets; these heal with scarring. 

268	 Infective endocarditis. (A) Subacute endocarditis caused by Streptococcus viridans on a previously myxomatous mitral valve. The large, friable vegetations are denoted by arrows. (B) Acute endocarditis caused by Staphylococcus aureus on a congenitally bicuspid aortic valve with extensive cuspal destruction and ring abscess (arrow). 

269	 Infective endocarditis. (A) Subacute endocarditis caused by Streptococcus viridans on a previously myxomatous mitral valve. The large, friable vegetations are denoted by arrows. (B) Acute endocarditis caused by Staphylococcus aureus on a congenitally bicuspid aortic valve with extensive cuspal destruction and ring abscess (arrow). 

270	 Nonbacterial thrombotic endocarditis (NBTE). (A) Small thrombotic vegetations along the line of closure of the mitral valve leaflets (arrows). (B) Photomicrograph of NBTE lesion, showing bland thrombus, with virtually no  inflammation  in  the  valve  cusp  (C)  or  the  thrombotic  deposit  (t). The thrombus is only loosely attached to the cusp (arrow). 

271	 Nonbacterial thrombotic endocarditis (NBTE). (A) Small thrombotic vegetations along the line of closure of the mitral valve leaflets (arrows). (B) Photomicrograph of NBTE lesion, showing bland thrombus, with virtually no  inflammation  in  the  valve  cusp  (C)  or  the  thrombotic  deposit  (t). The thrombus is only loosely attached to the cusp (arrow). 

272	 Dilated cardiomyopathy (DCM). (A) Four-chamber dilation and hypertrophy are evident. A small mural thrombus can be seen at the apex of the left ventricle (arrow). (B) The nonspecific histologic picture in typical DCM, with myocyte hypertrophy and interstitial fibrosis. (Collagen is blue in this Masson trichrome-stained preparation.) 

273	 Dilated cardiomyopathy (DCM). (A) Four-chamber dilation and hypertrophy are evident. A small mural thrombus can be seen at the apex of the left ventricle (arrow). (B) The nonspecific histologic picture in typical DCM, with myocyte hypertrophy and interstitial fibrosis. (Collagen is blue in this Masson trichrome-stained preparation.) 

274	 Arrhythmogenic right ventricular cardiomyopathy. (A) The right ventricle is markedly dilated with focal, almost transmural replacement of the free wall by adipose tissue and fibrosis. The left ventricle has a grossly normal appearance in this heart; it can be involved (albeit to a lesser extent) in some instances. (B) The right ventricular myocardium (red) is focally replaced by fibrous connective tissue (blue, arrow) and fat (Masson trichrome stain). 

275	 Arrhythmogenic right ventricular cardiomyopathy. (A) The right ventricle is markedly dilated with focal, almost transmural replacement of the free wall by adipose tissue and fibrosis. The left ventricle has a grossly normal appearance in this heart; it can be involved (albeit to a lesser extent) in some instances. (B) The right ventricular myocardium (red) is focally replaced by fibrous connective tissue (blue, arrow) and fat (Masson trichrome stain). 

276	 Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy with asymmetric septal hypertrophy. (A) The septal muscle bulges into the left ventricular outflow tract, giving rise to a "banana-shaped" ventricular lumen, and the left atrium is enlarged. The anterior mitral leaflet has been moved away from the septum to reveal a fibrous endocardial plaque (arrow) (see text). (B) Histologic appearance demonstrating disarray, extreme hypertrophy, and characteristic branching of myocytes, as well as interstitial fibrosis. 

277	 Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy with asymmetric septal hypertrophy. (A) The septal muscle bulges into the left ventricular outflow tract, giving rise to a "banana-shaped" ventricular lumen, and the left atrium is enlarged. The anterior mitral leaflet has been moved away from the septum to reveal a fibrous endocardial plaque (arrow) (see text). (B) Histologic appearance demonstrating disarray, extreme hypertrophy, and characteristic branching of myocytes, as well as interstitial fibrosis. 

278	 Myocarditis. (A) Lymphocytic myocarditis, with edema and associated myocyte injury. (B) Hypersensitivity myocarditis, characterized by perivascular eosinophil-rich inflammatory infiltrates. (C) Giant cell myocarditis, with lymphocyte and macrophage infiltrates, extensive myocyte damage, and multinucleate giant  cells.  (D)  Chagas  myocarditis.  A  myofiber  distended  with  trypanosomes  (arrow)  is  present,  along  with  mononuclear  inflammation  and  myofiber necrosis. 

279	 Acute suppurative (purulent, exudative) pericarditis, caused by extension from a pneumonia. 

280	 Atrial myxoma. (A) A large pedunculated lesion arises from the region of the fossa ovalis and extends into the mitral valve orifice. (B) Abundant  amorphous  extracellular  matrix  contains  scattered  multinucleate myxoma cells (arrowheads) in various groupings, including abnormal vascular formations (arrow). 

281	 Atrial myxoma. (A) A large pedunculated lesion arises from the region of the fossa ovalis and extends into the mitral valve orifice. (B) Abundant  amorphous  extracellular  matrix  contains  scattered  multinucleate myxoma cells (arrowheads) in various groupings, including abnormal vascular formations (arrow). 

282	 Carcinoid heart disease. (A) Characteristic endocardial fibrotic (light gray) lesion "coating" the right ventricle and tricuspid valve, and extending onto the chordae tendineae. (B) Microscopic appearance of the thickened endocardium, which contains smooth muscle cells and abundant acid mucopolysaccharides (blue-green in this Movat stain, which colors the underlying endocardial elastic tissue black). 

283	 Carcinoid heart disease. (A) Characteristic endocardial fibrotic (light gray) lesion "coating" the right ventricle and tricuspid valve, and extending onto the chordae tendineae. (B) Microscopic appearance of the thickened endocardium, which contains smooth muscle cells and abundant acid mucopolysaccharides (blue-green in this Movat stain, which colors the underlying endocardial elastic tissue black). 

284	 Hereditary  spherocytosis-peripheral  blood  smear.  Note  the anisocytosis  and  several  hyperchromic  spherocytes.  Howell-Jolly  bodies (small  nuclear  remnants)  are  also  present  in  the  red  cells  of  this  asplenic patient. 

285	Sickle cell anemia-peripheral blood smear. (A) Low magnification shows sickle cells, anisocytosis, poikilocytosis, and target cells. (B) Higher magnification shows an irreversibly sickled cell in the center. 

286	Sickle cell anemia-peripheral blood smear. (A) Low magnification shows sickle cells, anisocytosis, poikilocytosis, and target cells. (B) Higher magnification shows an irreversibly sickled cell in the center.

287	 Glucose-6-phosphate  dehydrogenase  deficiency  after  oxidant drug exposure-peripheral blood smear. (Inset) Red cells with precipitates of  denatured  globin  (Heinz  bodies)  shown  by  supravital  staining.  As  the splenic  macrophages  pluck  out  these  inclusions, "bite  cells"  similar  to  the one in this smear are produced. 

288	Microangiopathic hemolytic anemia-peripheral blood smear. This specimen from a patient with hemolytic uremic syndrome contains several fragmented red cells. 

289	  Iron  deficiency  anemia-peripheral  blood  smear.  Note  the increased central pallor of most of the red cells. Scattered, fully hemoglo-binized cells, from a recent blood transfusion, stand out in contrast. 

290	 Megaloblastic anemia. A peripheral blood smear shows a hyper-segmented  neutrophil  with  a  six-lobed  nucleus.

291	 Atypical lymphocytes in infectious mononucleosis. 

292	  Acute  lymphoblastic  leukemia  (ALL).  (A)  Lymphoblasts  with condensed nuclear chromatin, small nucleoli, and scant agranular cytoplasm. (B)  and  (C)  show  flow  cytometry  results  for  the ALL  shown  in  (A). The tumor cells are positive for the B cell markers CD19 and CD22; CD10 (a marker expressed on a subset of ALLs), and TdT (a specialized DNA polymerase that is expressed in pre-B and pre-T cells). 

293	  Acute  lymphoblastic  leukemia  (ALL).  (A)  Lymphoblasts  with condensed nuclear chromatin, small nucleoli, and scant agranular cytoplasm. (B)  and  (C)  show  flow  cytometry  results  for  the ALL  shown  in  (A). The tumor cells are positive for the B cell markers CD19 and CD22; CD10 (a marker expressed on a subset of ALLs), and TdT (a specialized DNA polymerase that is expressed in pre-B and pre-T cells).

294	  Small  lymphocytic  lymphoma/chronic  lymphocytic  leukemia-lymph node. (A) Low-power view shows diffuse effacement of nodal architecture. (B) At high power, a majority of the tumor cells have the appearance of small, round lymphocytes. A "prolymphocyte," a larger cell with a centrally placed nucleolus, also is present in this field (arrow). 

295	  Small  lymphocytic  lymphoma/chronic  lymphocytic  leukemia-lymph node. (A) Low-power view shows diffuse effacement of nodal architecture. (B) At high power, a majority of the tumor cells have the appearance of small, round lymphocytes. A "prolymphocyte," a larger cell with a centrally placed nucleolus, also is present in this field (arrow). 

296	 Follicular lymphoma-lymph node. (A) Nodular aggregates of lymphoma cells are present throughout. (B) At high magnification, small lymphoid cells with condensed chromatin and irregular or cleaved nuclear outlines (centrocytes) are mixed with a population of larger cells with nucleoli (centroblasts). 

297	 Follicular lymphoma-lymph node. (A) Nodular aggregates of lymphoma cells are present throughout. (B) At high magnification, small lymphoid cells with condensed chromatin and irregular or cleaved nuclear outlines (centrocytes) are mixed with a population of larger cells with nucleoli (centroblasts). 

298	  Diffuse  large  B  cell  lymphoma-lymph  node. The  tumor  cells have large nuclei with open chromatin and prominent nucleoli. 

299	 Burkitt lymphoma-lymph node. The tumor cells and their nuclei are fairly uniform, giving a monotonous appearance. Note the high level of mitotic activity (arrowheads) and prominent nucleoli. The "starry sky" pattern produced  by  interspersed,  lightly  staining,  normal  macrophages  is  better appreciated  at  a  lower  magnification.

300	 Multiple myeloma. (A) Radiograph of the skull, lateral view. The sharply punched-out bone defects are most obvious in the calvaria. (B) Bone marrow aspirate. Normal marrow cells are largely replaced by plasma cells, including atypical forms with multiple nuclei, prominent nucleoli, and cytoplasmic droplets containing immunoglobulin. 

301	 Multiple myeloma. (A) Radiograph of the skull, lateral view. The sharply punched-out bone defects are most obvious in the calvaria. (B) Bone marrow aspirate. Normal marrow cells are largely replaced by plasma cells, including atypical forms with multiple nuclei, prominent nucleoli, and cyto-plasmic droplets containing immunoglobulin. 

302	 Hodgkin lymphoma-lymph node. A binucleate Reed-Sternberg cell with large, inclusion-like nucleoli and abundant cytoplasm is surrounded by  lymphocytes,  macrophages,  and  an  eosinophil.

303	 Hodgkin lymphoma, nodular sclerosis type-lymph node. A distinctive  "lacunar  cell"  with  a  multilobed  nucleus  containing  many  small nucleoli is seen lying within a clear space created by retraction of its cytoplasms. It is surrounded by lymphocytes.

304	 Hodgkin lymphoma, nodular sclerosis type-lymph node. A low-power view shows well-defined bands of pink, acellular collagen that have subdivided the tumor cells into nodules. 

305	 Hodgkin lymphoma, mixed-cellularity type-lymph node. A diagnostic, binucleate Reed-Sternberg cell is surrounded by eosinophils, lymphocytes,  and  histiocytes. 

306	  Hodgkin  lymphoma,  nodular  lymphocyte-predominant  type-lymph  node.  Numerous  mature-looking  lymphocytes  surround  scattered, large,  pale-staining  lymphocytic  and  histiocytic  variants  ("popcorn"  cells). 

307	  Acute  myeloid  leukemia  (AML).  (A)  Myeloblasts  with  delicate nuclear chromatin, prominent nucleoli, and fine azurophilic cytoplasmic gran-ules. (B) and (C) show flow cytometry results for the AML shown in (A). The tumor cells are positive for the stem cell marker CD34 and the myeloid lineage specific markers CD33 and CD15 (subset).

308	  Acute  myeloid  leukemia  (AML).  (A)  Myeloblasts  with  delicate nuclear chromatin, prominent nucleoli, and fine azurophilic cytoplasmic granules. (B) and (C) show flow cytometry results for the AML shown in (A). The tumor cells are positive for the stem cell marker CD34 and the myeloid lineage specific markers CD33 and CD15 (subset).

309	 Acute promyelocytic leukemia-bone marrow aspirate. The neo-plastic  promyelocytes  have  abnormally  coarse  and  numerous  azurophilic granules. Other characteristic findings include a cell in the center of the field with multiple needlelike Auer rods. 

310	  CML-peripheral  blood  smear.  Granulocytic  forms  at  various stages  of  differentiation  are  present.

311	 Primary myelofibrosis-peripheral blood smear. Two nucleated erythroid  precursors  and  several  teardrop-shaped  red  cells  (dacryocytes) are evident. Immature myeloid cells were present in other fields. An identical histologic picture can be seen in other diseases producing marrow distortion and fibrosis. 

312	The normal alveolus (left) and the injured alveolus in the early phase of acute lung injury and the acute respiratory distress syndrome. Under the influence  of  proinflammatory  cytokines  such  as  interleukins  IL-8  and  IL-1  and  tumor  necrosis  factor  (TNF)  (released  by  macrophages),  neutrophils  are sequestered in the pulmonary microvasculature and then egress into the alveolar space, where they undergo activation. Activated neutrophils release leukotrienes, oxidants, proteases, and platelet-activating factor (PAF), which contribute to local tissue damage, accumulation of edema fluid, surfactant inactivation, and hyaline membrane formation. Subsequently, the release of macrophage-derived fibrogenic cytokines such as transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) and platelet-derived growth factor (PGDF) stimulate fibroblast growth and collagen deposition associated with the healing phase of injury. 

313	 Acute  lung  injury  and  acute  respiratory  distress  syndrome. (A) Diffuse alveolar damage in the acute phase. Some alveoli are collapsed, while others are distended; many are lined by bright pink hyaline membranes (arrow). (B) The healing stage is marked by resorption of hyaline membranes and thickening of alveolar septa by inflammatory cells, fibroblasts, and collagen.  Numerous  reactive  type  II  pneumocytes  also  are  seen  at  this  stage (arrows), associated with regeneration and repair. 

314	 Acute  lung  injury  and  acute  respiratory  distress  syndrome. (A) Diffuse alveolar damage in the acute phase. Some alveoli are collapsed, while others are distended; many are lined by bright pink hyaline membranes (arrow). (B) The healing stage is marked by resorption of hyaline membranes and thickening of alveolar septa by inflammatory cells, fibroblasts, and collagen.  Numerous  reactive  type  II  pneumocytes  also  are  seen  at  this  stage (arrows), associated with regeneration and repair. 

315	 Pathogenesis of emphysema. See text for details.

316	Pulmonary emphysema. There is marked enlargement of the air spaces,  with  destruction  of  alveolar  septa  but  without  fibrosis.  Note  the presence of black anthracotic pigment. 

317	Bullous emphysema with large apical and subpleural bullae.

318	Chronic bronchitis. The lumen of the bronchus is above. Note the marked thickening of the mucous gland layer (approximately twice-normal) and squamous metaplasia of lung epithelium.

319	  Bronchial  biopsy  specimen  from  an  asthmatic  patient  showing sub-basement  membrane  fibrosis,  eosinophilic  inflammation,  and  smooth muscle hyperplasia. 

320	 Bronchiectasis in a patient with cystic fibrosis who underwent lung  resection  for  transplantation.  Cut  surface  of  lung  shows  markedly dilated bronchi filled with purulent mucus that extend to subpleural regions. 

321	 Usual interstitial pneumonia. The fibrosis, which varies in intensity, is more pronounced in the subpleural region. 

322	  Usual  interstitial  pneumonia.  Fibroblastic  focus  with  fibers running parallel to surface and bluish myxoid extracellular matrix. Honey-combing is present to the left. 

323	 Progressive massive fibrosis in a coal worker. A large amount of black pigment is associated with fibrosis. 

324	 Advanced silicosis, seen in a transected lung. Scarring has contracted the upper lobe into a small dark mass (arrow). Note the dense pleural thickening. 

325	  Coalescent  collagenous  silicotic  nodules.  

326	  High-power  detail  of  an  asbestos  body,  revealing  the  typical beading and knobbed ends (arrow). 

327	 Asbestosis. Markedly thickened visceral pleura covers the lateral and diaphragmatic surface of the lung. Note also severe interstitial fibrosis diffusely affecting the lower lobe of the lung. 

328	  Sarcoid.  Characteristic  peribronchial  noncaseating  granulomas with many giant cells are present. 

329	  Hypersensitivity  pneumonitis,  histologic  appearance.  Loosely formed interstitial granulomas and chronic inflammation are characteristic. 

330	  Desquamative  interstitial  pneumonia. There  is  accumulation  of large  numbers  of  macrophages  within  the  alveolar  spaces  with  only  slight fibrous thickening of the alveolar walls. 

331	  Large  saddle  embolus  from  the  femoral  vein  lying  astride the  main  left  and  right  pulmonary  arteries.  

332	 A small, roughly wedge-shaped hemorrhagic pulmonary infarct of recent occurrence. 

333	 Vascular changes in pulmonary hypertension. (A) Atheroma formation,  a  change  usually  limited  to  large  pulmonary  arteries.  (B)  Marked medial hypertrophy. (C) Plexiform lesion characteristic of advanced pulmonary hypertension seen in small arteries. 

334	 Vascular changes in pulmonary hypertension. (A) Atheroma formation,  a  change  usually  limited  to  large  pulmonary  arteries.  (B)  Marked medial hypertrophy. (C) Plexiform lesion characteristic of advanced pulmonary hypertension seen in small arteries. 

335	 Vascular changes in pulmonary hypertension. (A) Atheroma formation,  a  change  usually  limited  to  large  pulmonary  arteries.  (B)  Marked medial hypertrophy. (C) Plexiform lesion characteristic of advanced pulmonary hypertension seen in small arteries. 

336	 Diffuse alveolar hemorrhage syndrome. (A) Lung biopsy specimen demonstrates large numbers of intraalveolar hemosiderin-laden macrophages on a background of thickened fibrous septa. (B) The tissue has been stained with Prussian blue, an iron stain that highlights the abundant intracellular hemo-siderin. 

337	 Diffuse alveolar hemorrhage syndrome. (A) Lung biopsy specimen demonstrates large numbers of intraalveolar hemosiderin-laden macrophages on a background of thickened fibrous septa. (B) The tissue has been stained with Prussian blue, an iron stain that highlights the abundant intracellular hemo-siderin. 

338	  Lobar  pneumonia  with  gray  hepatization.  The  lower  lobe  is uniformly consolidated. 

339	 (A) Acute pneumonia. The congested septal capillaries and extensive neutrophil exudation into alveoli correspond to early red hepatization. Fibrin nets have not yet formed. (B) Early organization of intraalveolar exudates,  seen  in  areas  to  be  streaming  through  the  pores  of  Kohn  (arrow). (C) Advanced  organizing  pneumonia,  featuring  transformation  of  exudates  to fibromyxoid masses richly infiltrated by macrophages and fibroblasts. 

340	 (A) Acute pneumonia. The congested septal capillaries and extensive neutrophil exudation into alveoli correspond to early red hepatization. Fibrin nets have not yet formed. (B) Early organization of intraalveolar exudates,  seen  in  areas  to  be  streaming  through  the  pores  of  Kohn  (arrow). (C) Advanced  organizing  pneumonia,  featuring  transformation  of  exudates  to fibromyxoid masses richly infiltrated by macrophages and fibroblasts. 

341	 (A) Acute pneumonia. The congested septal capillaries and extensive neutrophil exudation into alveoli correspond to early red hepatization. Fibrin nets have not yet formed. (B) Early organization of intraalveolar exudates,  seen  in  areas  to  be  streaming  through  the  pores  of  Kohn  (arrow). (C) Advanced  organizing  pneumonia,  featuring  transformation  of  exudates  to fibromyxoid masses richly infiltrated by macrophages and fibroblasts. 

342	 Viral pneumonia. The thickened alveolar walls are infiltrated with lymphocytes  and  some  plasma  cells,  which  are  spilling  over  into  alveolar spaces. Note the focal alveolar edema (center) and early fibrosis (upper right). 

343	 Primary pulmonary tuberculosis, Ghon complex. The gray-white parenchymal focus (arrow) is under the pleura in the lower part of the upper lobe. Hilar lymph nodes with caseation are seen (left). 

344	 The morphologic spectrum of tuberculosis. A characteristic tubercle at low magnification (A) and at higher power (B) shows central granular caseation surrounded by epithelioid and multinucleate giant cells. This is the usual response in individuals who develop cell-mediated immunity to the organism.  (C)  Occasionally,  even  in  immunocompetent  patients,  tubercular  granulomas  may  not  show  central  caseation;  hence,  irrespective  of  the  presence  or absence of caseous necrosis, use of special stains for acid-fast organisms is indicated when granulomas are present. (D) In this specimen from an immunosup-pressed patient, sheets of macrophages packed with mycobacteria are seen (acid-fast stain). 

345	 The morphologic spectrum of tuberculosis. A characteristic tubercle at low magnification (A) and at higher power (B) shows central granular caseation surrounded by epithelioid and multinucleate giant cells. This is the usual response in individuals who develop cell-mediated immunity to the organism.  (C)  Occasionally,  even  in  immunocompetent  patients,  tubercular  granulomas  may  not  show  central  caseation;  hence,  irrespective  of  the  presence  or absence of caseous necrosis, use of special stains for acid-fast organisms is indicated when granulomas are present. (D) In this specimen from an immunosuppressed patient, sheets of macrophages packed with mycobacteria are seen (acid-fast stain). 

346	 The morphologic spectrum of tuberculosis. A characteristic tubercle at low magnification (A) and at higher power (B) shows central granular caseation surrounded by epithelioid and multinucleate giant cells. This is the usual response in individuals who develop cell-mediated immunity to the organism.  (C)  Occasionally,  even  in  immunocompetent  patients,  tubercular  granulomas  may  not  show  central  caseation;  hence,  irrespective  of  the  presence  or absence of caseous necrosis, use of special stains for acid-fast organisms is indicated when granulomas are present. (D) In this specimen from an immunosuppressed patient, sheets of macrophages packed with mycobacteria are seen (acid-fast stain). 

347	 The morphologic spectrum of tuberculosis. A characteristic tubercle at low magnification (A) and at higher power (B) shows central granular caseation surrounded by epithelioid and multinucleate giant cells. This is the usual response in individuals who develop cell-mediated immunity to the organism.  (C)  Occasionally,  even  in  immunocompetent  patients,  tubercular  granulomas  may  not  show  central  caseation;  hence,  irrespective  of  the  presence  or absence of caseous necrosis, use of special stains for acid-fast organisms is indicated when granulomas are present. (D) In this specimen from an immunosuppressed patient, sheets of macrophages packed with mycobacteria are seen (acid-fast stain). 

348	  Secondary  pulmonary  tuberculosis. The  upper  parts  of  both lungs  are  riddled  with  gray-white  areas  of  caseation  and  multiple  areas  of softening and cavitation. 

349	 Miliary tuberculosis of the spleen. The cut surface shows numerous gray-white granulomas. 

350	 (A) Histoplasma capsulatum yeast forms fill phagocytes in a lymph node of a patient with disseminated histoplasmosis (silver stain). (B) Coccidi-oidomycosis with intact spherules within multinucleated giant cells. (C) Blastomycosis, with rounded budding yeasts, larger than neutrophils. Note the characteristic thick wall and nuclei (not seen in other fungi). (D) Silver stain highlights the broad-based budding seen in Blastomyces immitis organisms.
 
351	 (A) Histoplasma capsulatum yeast forms fill phagocytes in a lymph node of a patient with disseminated histoplasmosis (silver stain). (B) Coccidi-oidomycosis with intact spherules within multinucleated giant cells. (C) Blastomycosis, with rounded budding yeasts, larger than neutrophils. Note the characteristic thick wall and nuclei (not seen in other fungi). (D) Silver stain highlights the broad-based budding seen in Blastomyces immitis organisms.
 
352	 (A) Histoplasma capsulatum yeast forms fill phagocytes in a lymph node of a patient with disseminated histoplasmosis (silver stain). (B) Coccidi-oidomycosis with intact spherules within multinucleated giant cells. (C) Blastomycosis, with rounded budding yeasts, larger than neutrophils. Note the characteristic thick wall and nuclei (not seen in other fungi). (D) Silver stain highlights the broad-based budding seen in Blastomyces immitis organisms. 

353	 (A) Histoplasma capsulatum yeast forms fill phagocytes in a lymph node of a patient with disseminated histoplasmosis (silver stain). (B) Coccidi-oidomycosis with intact spherules within multinucleated giant cells. (C) Blastomycosis, with rounded budding yeasts, larger than neutrophils. Note the characteristic thick wall and nuclei (not seen in other fungi). (D) Silver stain highlights the broad-based budding seen in Blastomyces immitis organisms.
 
354	 Cytomegalovirus infection of the lung. A distinct nuclear inclusion and multiple cytoplasmic inclusions are seen in an enlarged cell. 

355	 Pneumocystis pneumonia. (A) The alveoli are filled with a characteristic foamy acellular exudate. (B) Silver stain demonstrates cup-shaped and round cysts within the exudate. 

356	 Pneumocystis pneumonia. (A) The alveoli are filled with a characteristic foamy acellular exudate. (B) Silver stain demonstrates cup-shaped and round cysts within the exudate. 

357	 The morphology of fungal infections. (A) Candida organism has pseudohyphae and budding yeasts (silver stain). (B) Invasive aspergillosis (gross appearance) of the lung in a hematopoietic stem cell transplant recipient. (C) Gomori methenamine-silver (GMS) stain shows septate hyphae with acute-angle branching, consistent with Aspergillus. (D) Cryptococcosis of the lung in a patient with AIDS. The organisms are somewhat variable in size.

358	 Adenocarcinoma and associated lesions. (A) Atypical adenomatous hyperplasia with cuboidal epithelium and mild interstitial fibrosis. (B) Adeno-carcinoma in situ, mucinous subtype, with characteristic growth along preexisting alveolar septa, without invasion. (C) Gland-forming adenocarcinoma; inset shows thyroid transcription factor 1 (TTF-1) positivity, which is seen in a majority of pulmonary adenocarcinomas. 

359	 Adenocarcinoma and associated lesions. (A) Atypical adenomatous hyperplasia with cuboidal epithelium and mild interstitial fibrosis. (B) Adeno-carcinoma in situ, mucinous subtype, with characteristic growth along preexisting alveolar septa, without invasion. (C) Gland-forming adenocarcinoma; inset shows thyroid transcription factor 1 (TTF-1) positivity, which is seen in a majority of pulmonary adenocarcinomas. 

360	 Adenocarcinoma and associated lesions. (A) Atypical adenomatous hyperplasia with cuboidal epithelium and mild interstitial fibrosis. (B) Adeno-carcinoma in situ, mucinous subtype, with characteristic growth along preexisting alveolar septa, without invasion. (C) Gland-forming adenocarcinoma; inset shows thyroid transcription factor 1 (TTF-1) positivity, which is seen in a majority of pulmonary adenocarcinomas. 

361	 Precursor lesions of squamous cell carcinomas. (A to C) Some of the earliest (and "mild") changes in smoking-damaged respiratory epithelium include goblet cell hyperplasia (A), basal cell (or reserve cell) hyperplasia (B), and squamous metaplasia (C). (D) More ominous changes include the appearance of squamous dysplasia, characterized by the presence of disordered squamous epithelium, with loss of nuclear polarity, nuclear hyperchromasia, pleomorphism, and mitotic figures. (E and F) Squamous dysplasia may, in turn, progress through the stages of mild, moderate, and severe dysplasia. Carcinoma in situ (CIS) (E) is the stage that immediately precedes invasive squamous cell carcinoma (F). Apart from the lack of basement membrane disruption in CIS, the cytologic features of CIS are similar to those in frank carcinoma.

362	  Squamous  cell  carcinoma.  (A)  Squamous  cell  carcinoma  appearing  as  a  central  (hilar)  mass  that  is  invading  contiguous  parenchyma.  (B) Well-differentiated squamous cell carcinoma, showing keratinization and pearls.
 
363	  Squamous  cell  carcinoma.  (A)  Squamous  cell  carcinoma  appearing  as  a  central  (hilar)  mass  that  is  invading  contiguous  parenchyma.  (B) Well-differentiated squamous cell carcinoma, showing keratinization and pearls. 

364	 Small cell carcinoma with small deeply basophilic cells and areas of necrosis (top left). Note basophilic staining of vascular walls due to encrus-tation by DNA from necrotic tumor cells (Azzopardi effect). 

365	 Bronchial carcinoid. (A) Carcinoid growing as a spherical, pale mass (arrow) protruding into the lumen of the bronchus. (B) Histologic appearance demonstrating small, rounded, uniform nuclei and moderate cytoplasm. 

366	 Bronchial carcinoid. (A) Carcinoid growing as a spherical, pale mass (arrow) protruding into the lumen of the bronchus. (B) Histologic appearance demonstrating small, rounded, uniform nuclei and moderate cytoplasm. 

367	  Malignant  mesothelioma.  Note  the  thick,  firm,  white  pleural tumor that ensheathes this bisected lung. 

368	 Laryngeal squamous cell carcinoma (arrow) arising in a supraglottic location (above the true vocal cord). 

369	Low-power electron micrograph of rat glomerulus. B, Basement membrane; CL, capillary lumen; End, endothelium; Ep, visceral epithelial cells (podocytes) with foot processes; Mes, mesangium; US, urinary space. 

370	Two patterns of deposition of immune complexes as seen by immunofluorescence microscopy. (A) Granular, characteristic of circulating and in situ immune complex deposition. (B) Linear, characteristic of classic anti-glomerular basement membrane (anti-GBM) antibody glomerulonephritis.

371	Two patterns of deposition of immune complexes as seen by immunofluorescence microscopy. (A) Granular, characteristic of circulating and in situ immune complex deposition. (B) Linear, characteristic of classic anti-glomerular basement membrane (anti-GBM) antibody glomerulonephritis. 

372	Minimal-change disease. (A) When viewed with a light microscope, the silver methenamine-stained glomerulus appears normal, with a delicate basement  membrane.  (B)  Schematic  diagram  illustrating  diffuse  effacement of foot processes of podocytes with no immune deposits. 

373	 Focal  and  segmental  glomerulosclerosis  (periodic  acid-Schiff stain), seen as a collection of scarred, obliterated capillaries and accumula-tions of matrix material in part of the affected glomerulus. 

374	Membranous nephropathy. (A) Diffuse thickening of the glomerular basement membrane (periodic acid-Schiff stain). (B) Schematic diagram illustrating subepithelial deposits, effacement of foot processes, and the presence  of  spikes  of  basement  membrane  material  between  the  immune deposits. 

375	(A) Membranoproliferative glomerulonephritis (MPGN), showing mesangial cell proliferation, basement membrane duplication, leukocyte infiltration, and accentuation of lobular architecture. (B) Schematic representation of the two patterns of MPGN. In type I, there are subendothelial deposits; in type II, now called dense deposit disease, intramembranous characteristically dense deposits are seen. In both types, mesangial interposition gives the appearance of split basement membranes when viewed by light microscopy. 

376	Poststreptococcal glomerulonephritis. (A) Glomerular hypercellularity is caused by intracapillary leukocytes and proliferation of intrinsic glomerular cells.  Note  the  red  blood  cell  casts  in  the  tubules.  (B) Typical  electron-dense  subepithelial "hump"  (arrow)  and  intramembranous  deposits.  BM,  Basement membrane; CL, capillary lumen; E, endothelial cell; Ep, visceral epithelial cells (podocytes). 

377	Poststreptococcal glomerulonephritis. (A) Glomerular hypercellularity is caused by intracapillary leukocytes and proliferation of intrinsic glomerular cells.  Note  the  red  blood  cell  casts  in  the  tubules.  (B) Typical  electron-dense  subepithelial "hump"  (arrow)  and  intramembranous  deposits.  BM,  Basement membrane; CL, capillary lumen; E, endothelial cell; Ep, visceral epithelial cells (podocytes). 

378	 IgA nephropathy. Characteristic immunofluorescence deposition of IgA, principally in mesangial regions, is evident. IgA, Immunoglobulin A. 

379	  Crescentic  glomerulonephritis  (silver  stain).  Arrows  indicate areas of necrosis and crescent formation. The segmental distribution in this case  is  typical  of ANCA  (anti-neutrophil  cytoplasmic  antibody)-associated crescentic glomerulonephritis. 

380	 Acute pyelonephritis. The cortical surface is studded with focal pale abscesses, more numerous in the upper pole and middle region of the kidney; the lower pole is relatively unaffected. Between the abscesses, there is dark congestion of the renal surface. 

381	 Drug-induced interstitial nephritis, with prominent eosinophilic and mononuclear infiltrate. 

382	 Acute tubular epithelial cell injury with blebbing at the luminal pole,  detachment  of  tubular  cells  from  their  underlying  basement  membranes, and granular casts. 

383	 Benign nephrosclerosis. High-power view of two arterioles with hyaline  deposition,  marked  thickening  of  the  walls,  and  a  narrowed  lumen. 

384	  Malignant  hypertension.  (A)  Fibrinoid  necrosis  of  afferent  arteriole  (periodic  acid-Schiff  stain).  (B)  Hyperplastic  arteriolosclerosis  (onion-skin lesion). 

385	  Malignant  hypertension.  (A)  Fibrinoid  necrosis  of  afferent  arteriole  (periodic  acid-Schiff  stain).  (B)  Hyperplastic  arteriolosclerosis  (onion-skin lesion). 

386	  Chronic  glomerulonephritis. A  Masson  trichrome  preparation shows complete replacement of virtually all glomeruli by blue-staining collagen. 

387	 Autosomal dominant adult polycystic kidney, viewed from the external surface (A) and bisected (B). The kidney is markedly enlarged (centimeter rule is shown for scale), with numerous dilated cysts. 

388	 Autosomal dominant adult polycystic kidney, viewed from the external surface (A) and bisected (B). The kidney is markedly enlarged (centimeter rule is shown for scale), with numerous dilated cysts. 

389	 Hydronephrosis of the kidney, with marked dilation of the pelvis and calyces and thinning of renal parenchyma. 

390	 Renal cell carcinoma: Representative cross-section showing yellowish, spherical neoplasm in one pole of the kidney. Note the tumor in the dilated, thrombosed renal vein. 

391	 The clear cell pattern of renal cell carcinoma. 

392	Aphthous ulcer. Single ulceration with an erythematous halo surrounding a yellowish fibrinopurulent membrane. 

393	Fibrous proliferations. (A) Fibroma. Smooth pink exophytic nodule on the buccal mucosa. (B) Pyogenic granuloma. Erythematous hemorrhagic exophytic mass arising from the gingival mucosa. 

394	Fibrous proliferations. (A) Fibroma. Smooth pink exophytic nodule on the buccal mucosa. (B) Pyogenic granuloma. Erythematous hemorrhagic exophytic mass arising from the gingival mucosa. 

395	Leukoplakia. (A) Gross appearance of leukoplakia is highly variable. In  this  example,  the  lesion  is  smooth  with  well-demarcated  borders  and minimal elevation. (B) Histologic appearance of leukoplakia showing dysplasia, characterized  by  nuclear  and  cellular  pleomorphism  and  loss  of  normal maturation. 

396	Leukoplakia. (A) Gross appearance of leukoplakia is highly variable. In  this  example,  the  lesion  is  smooth  with  well-demarcated  borders  and minimal elevation. (B) Histologic appearance of leukoplakia showing dysplasia, characterized  by  nuclear  and  cellular  pleomorphism  and  loss  of  normal maturation. 

397	Oral squamous cell carcinoma. (A) Gross appearance demonstrating ulceration and induration of the oral mucosa. (B) Histologic appearance demonstrating numerous nests and islands of malignant keratinocytes invading the underlying connective tissue stroma. 

398	Oral squamous cell carcinoma. (A) Gross appearance demonstrating ulceration and induration of the oral mucosa. (B) Histologic appearance demonstrating numerous nests and islands of malignant keratinocytes invading the underlying connective tissue stroma. 

399	Mucocele. (A) Fluctuant fluid-filled lesion on the lower lip subsequent to trauma. (B) Cystlike cavity (right) filled with mucinous material and lined by organizing granulation tissue. The normal gland acini are seen on the left. 

400	Mucocele. (A) Fluctuant fluid-filled lesion on the lower lip subsequent to trauma. (B) Cystlike cavity (right) filled with mucinous material and lined by organizing granulation tissue. The normal gland acini are seen on the left. 

401	 Pleomorphic  adenoma.  (A)  Low-power  view  showing  a  well-demarcated  tumor  with  adjacent,  deeply  staining,  normal  salivary  gland parenchyma. (B) High-power view showing epithelial cells as well as myoepi-thelial cells within chondroid matrix material. 

402	 Pleomorphic  adenoma.  (A)  Low-power  view  showing  a  well-demarcated  tumor  with  adjacent,  deeply  staining,  normal  salivary  gland parenchyma. (B) High-power view showing epithelial cells as well as myoepi-thelial cells within chondroid matrix material. 

403	Esophageal varices. (A) Angiogram showing several tortuous esophageal varices. (B) Although the angiogram is striking, endoscopy is more commonly used to identify varices. (C) Collapsed varices are present in this postmortem specimen corresponding to the angiogram in (A). The polypoid areas are sites of variceal hemorrhage that were ligated with bands. (D) Dilated varices beneath intact squamous mucosa. 

404	Esophageal varices. (A) Angiogram showing several tortuous esophageal varices. (B) Although the angiogram is striking, endoscopy is more commonly used to identify varices. (C) Collapsed varices are present in this postmortem specimen corresponding to the angiogram in (A). The polypoid areas are sites of variceal hemorrhage that were ligated with bands. (D) Dilated varices beneath intact squamous mucosa. 

405	Esophageal varices. (A) Angiogram showing several tortuous esophageal varices. (B) Although the angiogram is striking, endoscopy is more commonly used to identify varices. (C) Collapsed varices are present in this postmortem specimen corresponding to the angiogram in (A). The polypoid areas are sites of variceal hemorrhage that were ligated with bands. (D) Dilated varices beneath intact squamous mucosa. 

406	Esophageal varices. (A) Angiogram showing several tortuous esophageal varices. (B) Although the angiogram is striking, endoscopy is more commonly used to identify varices. (C) Collapsed varices are present in this postmortem specimen corresponding to the angiogram in (A). The polypoid areas are sites of variceal hemorrhage that were ligated with bands. (D) Dilated varices beneath intact squamous mucosa. 

407	Traumatic and viral esophagitis. (A) Endoscopic view of a longitudinally-oriented Mallory-Weiss tear. These superficial lacerations can range from millimeters to several centimeters in length. (B) Postmortem specimen with multiple herpetic ulcers in the distal esophagus. (C) Multinucleate squamous cells containing herpesvirus nuclear inclusions. (D) Cytomegalovirus-infected endothelial cells with nuclear and cytoplasmic inclusions. 

408	Traumatic and viral esophagitis. (A) Endoscopic view of a longitudinally-oriented Mallory-Weiss tear. These superficial lacerations can range from millimeters to several centimeters in length. (B) Postmortem specimen with multiple herpetic ulcers in the distal esophagus. (C) Multinucleate squamous cells containing herpesvirus nuclear inclusions. (D) Cytomegalovirus-infected endothelial cells with nuclear and cytoplasmic inclusions.

409	Traumatic and viral esophagitis. (A) Endoscopic view of a longitudinally-oriented Mallory-Weiss tear. These superficial lacerations can range from millimeters to several centimeters in length. (B) Postmortem specimen with multiple herpetic ulcers in the distal esophagus. (C) Multinucleate squamous cells containing herpesvirus nuclear inclusions. (D) Cytomegalovirus-infected endothelial cells with nuclear and cytoplasmic inclusions. 

410	Traumatic and viral esophagitis. (A) Endoscopic view of a longitudinally-oriented Mallory-Weiss tear. These superficial lacerations can range from millimeters to several centimeters in length. (B) Postmortem specimen with multiple herpetic ulcers in the distal esophagus. (C) Multinucleate squamous cells containing herpesvirus nuclear inclusions. (D) Cytomegalovirus-infected endothelial cells with nuclear and cytoplasmic inclusions. 

411	Esophagitis. (A) Reflux esophagitis with scattered intraepithelial eosinophils. (B) Eosinophilic esophagitis with numerous intraepithelial eosinophils. (C) Endoscopy reveals circumferential rings in the proximal esophagus of this patient with eosinophilic esophagitis. 

412	Esophagitis. (A) Reflux esophagitis with scattered intraepithelial eosinophils. (B) Eosinophilic esophagitis with numerous intraepithelial eosinophils. (C) Endoscopy reveals circumferential rings in the proximal esophagus of this patient with eosinophilic esophagitis. 

413	Esophagitis. (A) Reflux esophagitis with scattered intraepithelial eosinophils. (B) Eosinophilic esophagitis with numerous intraepithelial eosinophils. (C) Endoscopy reveals circumferential rings in the proximal esophagus of this patient with eosinophilic esophagitis. 

414	 Barrett esophagus. (A) Narrow band imaging of Barrett esophagus during endoscopy. Note the tan islands of ectopic metaplasia within bluish squamous mucosa. (B) Gross image of Barrett esophagus. Only a few areas of pale squamous mucosa remain within the predominantly metaplastic, reddish mucosa of the distal esophagus. (C) Histologic appearance of the gastroesophageal junction in Barrett esophagus. Note the transition between esophageal squamous mucosa (lower right) and metaplastic mucosa containing goblet cells (upper). 

415	 Barrett esophagus. (A) Narrow band imaging of Barrett esophagus during endoscopy. Note the tan islands of ectopic metaplasia within bluish squamous mucosa. (B) Gross image of Barrett esophagus. Only a few areas of pale squamous mucosa remain within the predominantly metaplastic, reddish mucosa of the distal esophagus. (C) Histologic appearance of the gastroesophageal junction in Barrett esophagus. Note the transition between esophageal squamous mucosa (lower right) and metaplastic mucosa containing goblet cells (upper). 

416	 Barrett esophagus. (A) Narrow band imaging of Barrett esophagus during endoscopy. Note the tan islands of ectopic metaplasia within bluish squamous mucosa. (B) Gross image of Barrett esophagus. Only a few areas of pale squamous mucosa remain within the predominantly metaplastic, reddish mucosa of the distal esophagus. (C) Histologic appearance of the gastroesophageal junction in Barrett esophagus. Note the transition between esophageal squamous mucosa (lower right) and metaplastic mucosa containing goblet cells (upper). 

417	 Esophageal adenocarcinoma. (A) Adenocarcinoma usually occurs distally and, as in this case, often involves the gastric cardia. (B) Esophageal adenocarcinoma growing as back-to-back glands. 

418	 Esophageal adenocarcinoma. (A) Adenocarcinoma usually occurs distally and, as in this case, often involves the gastric cardia. (B) Esophageal adenocarcinoma growing as back-to-back glands. 

419	 Esophageal squamous cell carcinoma. (A) Squamous cell carcinoma  most  frequently  is  found  in  the  mid-esophagus,  where  it  commonly causes strictures. (B) Squamous cell carcinoma composed of nests of malignant cells that partially recapitulate the stratified organization of squamous epithelium.
 
420	 Esophageal squamous cell carcinoma. (A) Squamous cell carcinoma  most  frequently  is  found  in  the  mid-esophagus,  where  it  commonly causes strictures. (B) Squamous cell carcinoma composed of nests of malignant cells that partially recapitulate the stratified organization of squamous epithelium.
 
421	 Chronic gastritis. (A) Spiral-shaped Helicobacter pylori bacilli are highlighted in this Warthin-Starry silver stain. Organisms are abundant within surface mucus. (B) Intraepithelial and lamina propria neutrophils are prominent. (C) Lymphoid aggregates with germinal centers and abundant subepi-thelial plasma cells within the superficial lamina propria are characteristic of H. pylori gastritis. (D) Intestinal metaplasia, recognizable as the presence of goblet cells admixed with gastric foveolar epithelium, can develop and is a risk factor for development of gastric adenocarcinoma. 

422	 Chronic gastritis. (A) Spiral-shaped Helicobacter pylori bacilli are highlighted in this Warthin-Starry silver stain. Organisms are abundant within surface mucus. (B) Intraepithelial and lamina propria neutrophils are prominent. (C) Lymphoid aggregates with germinal centers and abundant subepi-thelial plasma cells within the superficial lamina propria are characteristic of H. pylori gastritis. (D) Intestinal metaplasia, recognizable as the presence of goblet cells admixed with gastric foveolar epithelium, can develop and is a risk factor for development of gastric adenocarcinoma. 

423	 Chronic gastritis. (A) Spiral-shaped Helicobacter pylori bacilli are highlighted in this Warthin-Starry silver stain. Organisms are abundant within surface mucus. (B) Intraepithelial and lamina propria neutrophils are prominent. (C) Lymphoid aggregates with germinal centers and abundant subepi-thelial plasma cells within the superficial lamina propria are characteristic of H. pylori gastritis. (D) Intestinal metaplasia, recognizable as the presence of goblet cells admixed with gastric foveolar epithelium, can develop and is a risk factor for development of gastric adenocarcinoma. 

424	 Chronic gastritis. (A) Spiral-shaped Helicobacter pylori bacilli are highlighted in this Warthin-Starry silver stain. Organisms are abundant within surface mucus. (B) Intraepithelial and lamina propria neutrophils are prominent. (C) Lymphoid aggregates with germinal centers and abundant subepi-thelial plasma cells within the superficial lamina propria are characteristic of H. pylori gastritis. (D) Intestinal metaplasia, recognizable as the presence of goblet cells admixed with gastric foveolar epithelium, can develop and is a risk factor for development of gastric adenocarcinoma. 

425	 Peptic ulcer disease. (A) Endoscopic view of typical antral ulcer associated with NSAID use. (B) Gross view of a similar ulcer that was resected due to gastric perforation, presenting as free air under the diaphragm. Note the clean edges. (C) The necrotic ulcer base is composed of granulation tissue overlaid by degraded blood. 

426	 Peptic ulcer disease. (A) Endoscopic view of typical antral ulcer associated with NSAID use. (B) Gross view of a similar ulcer that was resected due to gastric perforation, presenting as free air under the diaphragm. Note the clean edges. (C) The necrotic ulcer base is composed of granulation tissue overlaid by degraded blood. 

427	 Peptic ulcer disease. (A) Endoscopic view of typical antral ulcer associated with NSAID use. (B) Gross view of a similar ulcer that was resected due to gastric perforation, presenting as free air under the diaphragm. Note the clean edges. (C) The necrotic ulcer base is composed of granulation tissue overlaid by degraded blood. 

428	  Gastric  adenocarcinoma.  (A)  Intestinal-type  adenocarcinoma consisting  of  an  elevated  mass  with  heaped-up  borders  and  central  ulceration. (B) Linitis plastica. The gastric wall is markedly thickened, and rugal folds are partially lost. (C) Signet ring cells with large cytoplasmic mucin vacuoles and peripherally displaced, crescent-shaped nuclei. 

429	  Gastric  adenocarcinoma.  (A)  Intestinal-type  adenocarcinoma consisting  of  an  elevated  mass  with  heaped-up  borders  and  central  ulceration. (B) Linitis plastica. The gastric wall is markedly thickened, and rugal folds are partially lost. (C) Signet ring cells with large cytoplasmic mucin vacuoles and peripherally displaced, crescent-shaped nuclei. 

430	  Gastric  adenocarcinoma.  (A)  Intestinal-type  adenocarcinoma consisting  of  an  elevated  mass  with  heaped-up  borders  and  central  ulceration. (B) Linitis plastica. The gastric wall is markedly thickened, and rugal folds are partially lost. (C) Signet ring cells with large cytoplasmic mucin vacuoles and peripherally displaced, crescent-shaped nuclei. 

431	  Gastrointestinal  carcinoid  tumor  (neuroendocrine  tumor).  (A) Carcinoid tumors often form a submucosal nodule composed of tumor cells embedded in dense fibrous tissue. (B) High magnification shows the bland cytology that typifies neuroendocrine tumors. The chromatin texture, with fine  and  coarse  clumps,  frequently  assumes  a  "salt-and-pepper"  pattern. Despite their innocuous appearance, tumors can be aggressive. 

432	  Hirschsprung  disease.  (A)  Preoperative  barium  enema  study showing  constricted  rectum  (bottom)  and  dilated  sigmoid  colon.  Ganglion cells were absent in the rectum, but present in the sigmoid colon. (B) Corresponding intraoperative appearance of the dilated sigmoid colon. 

433	  Hirschsprung  disease.  (A)  Preoperative  barium  enema  study showing  constricted  rectum  (bottom)  and  dilated  sigmoid  colon.  Ganglion cells were absent in the rectum, but present in the sigmoid colon. (B) Corresponding intraoperative appearance of the dilated sigmoid colon.

434	  Ischemia.  (A)  Characteristic  attenuated  and  partially  detached villous epithelium in acute jejunal ischemia. Note the hyperchromatic nuclei of proliferating crypt cells. (B) Chronic colonic ischemia with atrophic surface epithelium and fibrotic lamina propria. 

435	  Ischemia.  (A)  Characteristic  attenuated  and  partially  detached villous epithelium in acute jejunal ischemia. Note the hyperchromatic nuclei of proliferating crypt cells. (B) Chronic colonic ischemia with atrophic surface epithelium and fibrotic lamina propria. 

436	 Celiac disease. (A) Advanced cases of celiac disease show complete loss of villi, or total villous atrophy. Note the dense plasma cell infil-trates in the lamina propria. (B) Infiltration of the surface epithelium by T lymphocytes, which can be recognized by their densely stained nuclei (labeled T). Compare with elongated, pale-staining epithelial nuclei (labeled E). 

437	 Celiac disease. (A) Advanced cases of celiac disease show complete loss of villi, or total villous atrophy. Note the dense plasma cell infil-trates in the lamina propria. (B) Infiltration of the surface epithelium by T lymphocytes, which can be recognized by their densely stained nuclei (labeled T). Compare with elongated, pale-staining epithelial nuclei (labeled E). 

438	  Bacterial  enterocolitis.  (A)  Campylobacter  jejuni  infection  produces acute, self-limited colitis. Neutrophils can be seen within surface and crypt epithelium, and a crypt abscess is present (lower right). (B) Enteroinvasive Escherichia coli infection is similar to other acute, self-limited colitides. Note  the  maintenance  of  normal  crypt  architecture  and  spacing,  despite abundant intraepithelial neutrophils. 

439	 Clostridium difficile colitis. (A) The colon is coated by tan pseudomembranes composed of neutrophils, dead epithelial cells, and inflammatory debris (endoscopic view). (B) Typical pattern of neutrophils emanating from a crypt is reminiscent of a volcanic eruption. 

440	 Clostridium difficile colitis. (A) The colon is coated by tan pseudomembranes composed of neutrophils, dead epithelial cells, and inflammatory debris (endoscopic view). (B) Typical pattern of neutrophils emanating from a crypt is reminiscent of a volcanic eruption. 

441	 Sigmoid diverticular disease. (A) Endoscopic view of two sigmoid diverticulae.  Compare  to  B.  (B)  Gross  examination  of  a  resected  sigmoid colon  shows  regularly  spaced  stool-filled  diverticulae.  (C)  Cross-section showing  the  outpouching  of  mucosa  beneath  the  muscularis  propria.  (D) Low-power photomicrograph of a sigmoid diverticulum showing protrusion of the mucosa and submucosa through the muscularis propria. 

442	 Sigmoid diverticular disease. (A) Endoscopic view of two sigmoid diverticulae.  Compare  to  B.  (B)  Gross  examination  of  a  resected  sigmoid colon  shows  regularly  spaced  stool-filled  diverticulae.  (C)  Cross-section showing  the  outpouching  of  mucosa  beneath  the  muscularis  propria.  (D) Low-power photomicrograph of a sigmoid diverticulum showing protrusion of the mucosa and submucosa through the muscularis propria. 

443	 Sigmoid diverticular disease. (A) Endoscopic view of two sigmoid diverticulae.  Compare  to  B.  (B)  Gross  examination  of  a  resected  sigmoid colon  shows  regularly  spaced  stool-filled  diverticulae.  (C)  Cross-section showing  the  outpouching  of  mucosa  beneath  the  muscularis  propria.  (D) Low-power photomicrograph of a sigmoid diverticulum showing protrusion of the mucosa and submucosa through the muscularis propria. 

444	 Sigmoid diverticular disease. (A) Endoscopic view of two sigmoid diverticulae.  Compare  to  B.  (B)  Gross  examination  of  a  resected  sigmoid colon  shows  regularly  spaced  stool-filled  diverticulae.  (C)  Cross-section showing  the  outpouching  of  mucosa  beneath  the  muscularis  propria.  (D) Low-power photomicrograph of a sigmoid diverticulum showing protrusion of the mucosa and submucosa through the muscularis propria. 

445	 Gross pathology of Crohn disease. (A) Small-intestinal stricture. (B) Linear mucosal ulcers and thickened intestinal wall. (C) Creeping fat. 

446	 Gross pathology of Crohn disease. (A) Small-intestinal stricture. (B) Linear mucosal ulcers and thickened intestinal wall. (C) Creeping fat. 

447	 Gross pathology of Crohn disease. (A) Small-intestinal stricture. (B) Linear mucosal ulcers and thickened intestinal wall. (C) Creeping fat. 

448	 Microscopic pathology of Crohn disease. (A) Haphazard crypt organization results from repeated injury and regeneration. (B) Noncaseating granuloma.  (C)  Transmural  Crohn  disease  with  submucosal  and  serosal granulomas (arrows). 

449	 Microscopic pathology of Crohn disease. (A) Haphazard crypt organization results from repeated injury and regeneration. (B) Noncaseating granuloma.  (C)  Transmural  Crohn  disease  with  submucosal  and  serosal granulomas (arrows). 

450	 Microscopic pathology of Crohn disease. (A) Haphazard crypt organization results from repeated injury and regeneration. (B) Noncaseating granuloma.  (C)  Transmural  Crohn  disease  with  submucosal  and  serosal granulomas (arrows). 

451	  Pathology  of  ulcerative  colitis.  (A)  Endoscopic  view  of  severe  ulcerative  colitis  with  ulceration  and  adherent  mucopurulent  material.  (B) Total colectomy with pancolitis showing active disease, with red, granular mucosa in the cecum (left) and smooth, atrophic mucosa distally (right). (C) Sharp demarcation  between  active  ulcerative  colitis  (bottom)  and  normal  (top).  (D) This  full-thickness  histologic  section  shows  that  disease  is  limited  to  the  mucosa. 

452	  Pathology  of  ulcerative  colitis.  (A)  Endoscopic  view  of  severe  ulcerative  colitis  with  ulceration  and  adherent  mucopurulent  material.  (B) Total colectomy with pancolitis showing active disease, with red, granular mucosa in the cecum (left) and smooth, atrophic mucosa distally (right). (C) Sharp demarcation  between  active  ulcerative  colitis  (bottom)  and  normal  (top).  (D) This  full-thickness  histologic  section  shows  that  disease  is  limited  to  the  mucosa.

453	  Pathology  of  ulcerative  colitis.  (A)  Endoscopic  view  of  severe  ulcerative  colitis  with  ulceration  and  adherent  mucopurulent  material.  (B) Total colectomy with pancolitis showing active disease, with red, granular mucosa in the cecum (left) and smooth, atrophic mucosa distally (right). (C) Sharp demarcation  between  active  ulcerative  colitis  (bottom)  and  normal  (top).  (D) This  full-thickness  histologic  section  shows  that  disease  is  limited  to  the  mucosa. 

454	  Pathology  of  ulcerative  colitis.  (A)  Endoscopic  view  of  severe  ulcerative  colitis  with  ulceration  and  adherent  mucopurulent  material.  (B) Total colectomy with pancolitis showing active disease, with red, granular mucosa in the cecum (left) and smooth, atrophic mucosa distally (right). (C) Sharp demarcation  between  active  ulcerative  colitis  (bottom)  and  normal  (top).  (D) This  full-thickness  histologic  section  shows  that  disease  is  limited  to  the  mucosa. 

455	  Hamartomatous  polyps.  (A)  Juvenile  polyp.  Note  the  surface erosion and cystically dilated crypts filled with mucus, neutrophils, and debris. (B)  Peutz-Jeghers  polyp.  Complex  glandular  architecture  and  bundles  of smooth muscle help to distinguish Peutz-Jeghers polyps from juvenile polyps.
 
456	  Hamartomatous  polyps.  (A)  Juvenile  polyp.  Note  the  surface erosion and cystically dilated crypts filled with mucus, neutrophils, and debris. (B)  Peutz-Jeghers  polyp.  Complex  glandular  architecture  and  bundles  of smooth muscle help to distinguish Peutz-Jeghers polyps from juvenile polyps.
 
457	  Hyperplastic  polyp.  (A)  Polyp  surface  with  irregular  tufting  of epithelial cells. (B) Tufting results from epithelial overcrowding. (C) Epithelial crowding  produces  a  serrated  architecture  when  glands  are  cut  in cross-section. 

458	  Hyperplastic  polyp.  (A)  Polyp  surface  with  irregular  tufting  of epithelial cells. (B) Tufting results from epithelial overcrowding. (C) Epithelial crowding  produces  a  serrated  architecture  when  glands  are  cut  in cross-section. 

459	  Hyperplastic  polyp.  (A)  Polyp  surface  with  irregular  tufting  of epithelial cells. (B) Tufting results from epithelial overcrowding. (C) Epithelial crowding  produces  a  serrated  architecture  when  glands  are  cut  in cross-section. 

460	 Colonic adenomas. (A) Pedunculated adenoma (endoscopic view). (B) Adenoma with a velvety surface. (C) Low-magnification photomicrograph of a pedunculated tubular adenoma. 

461	 Colonic adenomas. (A) Pedunculated adenoma (endoscopic view). (B) Adenoma with a velvety surface. (C) Low-magnification photomicrograph of a pedunculated tubular adenoma. 

462	 Colonic adenomas. (A) Pedunculated adenoma (endoscopic view). (B) Adenoma with a velvety surface. (C) Low-magnification photomicrograph of a pedunculated tubular adenoma. 

463	 Histologic appearance of colonic adenomas. (A) Tubular adenoma with a smooth surface and rounded glands. In this case, crypt dilation and rupture, with associated reactive inflammation, can be seen at the bottom of  the  field.  (B) Villous  adenoma  with  long,  slender  projections  that  are reminiscent of small-intestinal villi. (C) Dysplastic epithelial cells (top) with an  increased  nuclear-to-cytoplasmic  ratio,  hyperchromatic  and  elongated nuclei,  and  nuclear  pseudostratification.  Compare  with  the  nondysplastic epithelium  (bottom).  (D)  Sessile  serrated  adenoma  lined  by  goblet  cells without  typical  cytologic  features  of  dysplasia. This  lesion  is  distinguished from a hyperplastic polyp by involvement of the crypts. 

464	 Histologic appearance of colonic adenomas. (A) Tubular adenoma with a smooth surface and rounded glands. In this case, crypt dilation and rupture, with associated reactive inflammation, can be seen at the bottom of  the  field.  (B) Villous  adenoma  with  long,  slender  projections  that  are reminiscent of small-intestinal villi. (C) Dysplastic epithelial cells (top) with an  increased  nuclear-to-cytoplasmic  ratio,  hyperchromatic  and  elongated nuclei,  and  nuclear  pseudostratification.  Compare  with  the  nondysplastic epithelium  (bottom).  (D)  Sessile  serrated  adenoma  lined  by  goblet  cells without  typical  cytologic  features  of  dysplasia. This  lesion  is  distinguished from a hyperplastic polyp by involvement of the crypts. 

465	 Histologic appearance of colonic adenomas. (A) Tubular adenoma with a smooth surface and rounded glands. In this case, crypt dilation and rupture, with associated reactive inflammation, can be seen at the bottom of  the  field.  (B) Villous  adenoma  with  long,  slender  projections  that  are reminiscent of small-intestinal villi. (C) Dysplastic epithelial cells (top) with an  increased  nuclear-to-cytoplasmic  ratio,  hyperchromatic  and  elongated nuclei,  and  nuclear  pseudostratification.  Compare  with  the  nondysplastic epithelium  (bottom).  (D)  Sessile  serrated  adenoma  lined  by  goblet  cells without  typical  cytologic  features  of  dysplasia. This  lesion  is  distinguished from a hyperplastic polyp by involvement of the crypts. 

466	 Histologic appearance of colonic adenomas. (A) Tubular adenoma with a smooth surface and rounded glands. In this case, crypt dilation and rupture, with associated reactive inflammation, can be seen at the bottom of  the  field.  (B) Villous  adenoma  with  long,  slender  projections  that  are reminiscent of small-intestinal villi. (C) Dysplastic epithelial cells (top) with an  increased  nuclear-to-cytoplasmic  ratio,  hyperchromatic  and  elongated nuclei,  and  nuclear  pseudostratification.  Compare  with  the  nondysplastic epithelium  (bottom).  (D)  Sessile  serrated  adenoma  lined  by  goblet  cells without  typical  cytologic  features  of  dysplasia. This  lesion  is  distinguished from a hyperplastic polyp by involvement of the crypts. 

467	 Familial adenomatous polyposis. (A) Hundreds of small colonic polyps  are  present  along  with  a  dominant  polyp  (right).  (B) Three  tubular adenomas are present in this single microscopic field. 

468	 Familial adenomatous polyposis. (A) Hundreds of small colonic polyps  are  present  along  with  a  dominant  polyp  (right).  (B) Three  tubular adenomas are present in this single microscopic field. 

469	 Colorectal carcinoma. (A) Endoscopic view of ulcerated ascending colon adenocarcinoma. (B) Circumferential, ulcerated rectal cancer. Note the anal mucosa at the bottom of the image. (C) Cancer of the sigmoid colon that has invaded through the muscularis propria and is present within subserosal adipose tissue (left). Areas of chalky necrosis are present within the colon wall (arrow). 

470	 Colorectal carcinoma. (A) Endoscopic view of ulcerated ascending colon adenocarcinoma. (B) Circumferential, ulcerated rectal cancer. Note the anal mucosa at the bottom of the image. (C) Cancer of the sigmoid colon that has invaded through the muscularis propria and is present within subserosal adipose tissue (left). Areas of chalky necrosis are present within the colon wall (arrow). 

471	 Colorectal carcinoma. (A) Endoscopic view of ulcerated ascending colon adenocarcinoma. (B) Circumferential, ulcerated rectal cancer. Note the anal mucosa at the bottom of the image. (C) Cancer of the sigmoid colon that has invaded through the muscularis propria and is present within subserosal adipose tissue (left). Areas of chalky necrosis are present within the colon wall (arrow).

472	  Histologic  appearance  of  colorectal  carcinoma.  (A) Well-differentiated  adenocarcinoma.  Note  the  elongated,  hyperchromatic  nuclei.  Necrotic debris, present in the gland lumen, is typical. (B) Poorly differentiated adenocarcinoma forms a few glands but is largely composed of infiltrating nests of tumor cells. (C) Mucinous adenocarcinoma with signet ring cells and extracellular mucin pools. 

473	  Histologic  appearance  of  colorectal  carcinoma.  (A) Well-differentiated  adenocarcinoma.  Note  the  elongated,  hyperchromatic  nuclei.  Necrotic debris, present in the gland lumen, is typical. (B) Poorly differentiated adenocarcinoma forms a few glands but is largely composed of infiltrating nests of tumor cells. (C) Mucinous adenocarcinoma with signet ring cells and extracellular mucin pools. 

474	  Histologic  appearance  of  colorectal  carcinoma.  (A) Well-differentiated  adenocarcinoma.  Note  the  elongated,  hyperchromatic  nuclei.  Necrotic debris, present in the gland lumen, is typical. (B) Poorly differentiated adenocarcinoma forms a few glands but is largely composed of infiltrating nests of tumor cells. (C) Mucinous adenocarcinoma with signet ring cells and extracellular mucin pools. 

475	  Metastatic  colorectal  carcinoma.  (A)  Lymph  node  metastasis. Note  the  glandular  structures  within  the  subcapsular  sinus.  (B)  Solitary subpleural nodule of colorectal carcinoma metastatic to the lung. (C) Liver containing two large and many smaller metastases. Note the central necrosis within metastases. 
476	  Metastatic  colorectal  carcinoma.  (A)  Lymph  node  metastasis. Note  the  glandular  structures  within  the  subcapsular  sinus.  (B)  Solitary subpleural nodule of colorectal carcinoma metastatic to the lung. (C) Liver containing two large and many smaller metastases. Note the central necrosis within metastases. 

477	  Metastatic  colorectal  carcinoma.  (A)  Lymph  node  metastasis. Note  the  glandular  structures  within  the  subcapsular  sinus.  (B)  Solitary subpleural nodule of colorectal carcinoma metastatic to the lung. (C) Liver containing two large and many smaller metastases. Note the central necrosis within metastases. 

478	Models of liver anatomy. In the lobular model, the terminal hepatic vein is at the center of a "lobule," while the portal tracts are at the periphery. Pathologists often refer to the regions of the parenchyma as "periportal and centrilobular." In the acinar model, on the basis of blood flow, three zones can  be  defined,  zone  1  being  the  closest  to  the  blood  supply  and  zone  3 being the farthest. BD, Bile duct; CV, central hepatic vein; HA, hepatic artery; PV, portal tracts. 

479	Hepatocyte necrosis. In this PAS-D-stained biopsy from a patient with acute hepatitis B, clusters of pigmented hepatocytes with eosinophilic cytoplasm indicate foci of hepatocytes undergoing necrosis. PAS-D, Periodic acid-Schiff stain after diastase digestion. 

480	 Hepatocyte  apoptosis. This  biopsy  from  a  patient  with  lobular hepatitis due to chronic hepatitis C shows scattered apoptotic hepatocytes ("acidophil bodies"; single arrows) and a patchy inflammatory infiltrate (double arrows). 

481	Massive liver necrosis. (A) The liver is small (700 g), bile-stained, soft,  and  congested.  (B)  Hepatocellular  necrosis  caused  by  acetaminophen overdose. Confluent necrosis is seen in the perivenular region (zone 3, arrow). There is little inflammation. Residual normal tissue is indicated by the asterisk.

482	Massive liver necrosis. (A) The liver is small (700 g), bile-stained, soft,  and  congested.  (B)  Hepatocellular  necrosis  caused  by  acetaminophen overdose. Confluent necrosis is seen in the perivenular region (zone 3, arrow). There is little inflammation. Residual normal tissue is indicated by the asterisk.

483	Cirrhosis  resulting  from  chronic  viral  hepatitis.  Note  the  broad scars separating bulging regenerative nodules over the liver surface. 

484	Alcoholic cirrhosis in an active drinker (A) and following long-term abstinence (B). A, Thick bands of collagen separate rounded cirrhotic nodules. B, After 1 year of abstinence, most scars are gone (Masson trichrome stain).

485	Alcoholic cirrhosis in an active drinker (A) and following long-term abstinence (B). A, Thick bands of collagen separate rounded cirrhotic nodules. B, After 1 year of abstinence, most scars are gone (Masson trichrome stain). 

486	Potential outcomes of hepatitis B infection in adults, with their approximate frequencies in the United States. *Spontaneous HBsAg clearance occurs during chronic HBV infection at an estimated annual incidence of 1% to 2% in Western countries. As mentioned in the text, fulminant hepatitis and acute hepatic failure are used interchangeably. 

487	 Temporal changes in serologic markers in hepatitis C infection. (A) Acute infection with resolution; (B) progression to chronic infection. 

488	 Morphologic features of acute and chronic hepatitis. There is very little portal mononuclear infiltration in acute hepatitis (or sometimes none at all), while in chronic hepatitis portal infiltrates are dense and prominent-the defining feature of chronic hepatitis. Bridging necrosis and fibrosis are shown only for chronic hepatitis, but bridging necrosis may also occur in more severe acute hepatitis. Ductular reactions in chronic hepatitis are minimal in early stages of scarring, but become extensive in late-stage disease. 

489	 Ground-glass hepatocytes in chronic hepatitis B, caused by accumulation  of  hepatitis  B  surface  antigen.  Hematoxylin-eosin  staining  shows the  presence  of  abundant,  finely  granular  pink  cytoplasmic  inclusions; immunostaining  (inset)  with  a  specific  antibody  confirms  the  presence  of surface antigen (brown). 

490	 Chronic viral hepatitis due to HCV, showing characteristic portal tract expansion by a dense lymphoid infiltrate. 

491	 Fatty liver disease associated with chronic alcohol use. A mix of small  and  large  fat  droplets  (seen  as  clear  vacuoles)  is  most  prominent around  the  central  vein  and  extends  outward  to  the  portal  tracts.  Some fibrosis  (stained  blue)  is  present  in  a  characteristic  perisinusoidal "chicken wire fence" pattern (Masson trichrome stain).

492	  Hepatocyte  injury  in  fatty  liver  disease  associated  with  chronic  alcohol  use.  (A)  Clustered  inflammatory  cells  marking  the  site  of  a  necrotic hepatocyte. A Mallory-Denk body is present in another hepatocyte (arrow). (B) "Ballooned" hepatocytes (arrowheads) associated with clusters of inflammatory cells. The inset stained for keratins 8 and 18 (brown) shows a ballooned cell (dotted line) in which keratins have been ubiquitinylated and have collapsed into an immunoreactive Mallory-Denk body, leaving the cytoplasm "empty."

493	  Hepatocyte  injury  in  fatty  liver  disease  associated  with  chronic  alcohol  use.  (A)  Clustered  inflammatory  cells  marking  the  site  of  a  necrotic hepatocyte. A Mallory-Denk body is present in another hepatocyte (arrow). (B) "Ballooned" hepatocytes (arrowheads) associated with clusters of inflammatory cells. The inset stained for keratins 8 and 18 (brown) shows a ballooned cell (dotted line) in which keratins have been ubiquitinylated and have collapsed into an immunoreactive Mallory-Denk body, leaving the cytoplasm "empty." 

494	  Hereditary  hemochromatosis.  In  this  Prussian  blue-stained section,  hepatocellular  iron  appears  blue. The  parenchymal  architecture  is normal at this stage of disease, even with such abundant iron. 

495	 alpha1-Anti-trypsin deficiency. Periodic acid-Schiff (PAS) stain after diastase digestion of the liver, highlights the characteristic magenta cytoplasmic granules. 

496	 Cholestasis. (A) Morphologic features of cholestasis (right) and comparison with normal liver (left). Cholestatic hepatocytes (1) are enlarged and are  associated  with  dilated  canalicular  spaces  (2). Apoptotic  cells  (3)  may  be  seen,  and  Kupffer  cells  (4)  frequently  contain  regurgitated  bile  pigments.  (B) Cholestasis, showing the characteristic accumulation of bile pigments in the cytoplasm. 

497	 Acute large-duct obstruction with ascending cholangitis. Superimposed  on  features  of  duct  obstruction  (edema,  ductular  reaction)  is  an infiltrate  of  neutrophils  involving  the  bile  duct,  the  hallmark  of  ascending cholangitis. 

498	 Cirrhosis secondary to primary biliary cholangitis. 

499	 Neonatal hepatitis. Note the multinucleated giant hepatocytes. 

500	 Primary biliary cirrhosis. A portal tract is markedly expanded by an infiltrate of lymphocytes and plasma cells. Note the granulomatous reaction to the bile duct undergoing destruction (the "florid duct lesion"). 

501	 Primary sclerosing cholangitis. A bile duct undergoing degeneration is entrapped in a dense, "onion-skin" concentric scar. 

502	 Imaging studies of a patient with primary sclerosing cholangitis. (A) Magnetic resonance cholangiography of the bile ducts shows focal dilation in some ducts (bright, broad areas) and stricturing of others (thinning or absence).  (B)  Endoscopic  retrograde  cholangiography  of  the  same  patient shows  nearly  identical  features  as  in  A.

503	 Imaging studies of a patient with primary sclerosing cholangitis. (A) Magnetic resonance cholangiography of the bile ducts shows focal dilation in some ducts (bright, broad areas) and stricturing of others (thinning or absence).  (B)  Endoscopic  retrograde  cholangiography  of  the  same  patient shows  nearly  identical  features  as  in  A.  

504	 Liver infarct. A thrombus is lodged in a peripheral branch of the hepatic  artery  (arrow)  and  compresses  the  adjacent  portal  vein;  the  distal hepatic tissue is pale, with a hemorrhagic margin. 

505	 Budd-Chiari syndrome. Thrombosis of the major hepatic veins has caused severe hepatic congestion. 

506	  Acute  passive  congestion  ("nutmeg  liver").  (A) The  cut  liver section, in which major blood vessels are visible, is notable for a variegated mottled  red  appearance,  representing  congestion  and  hemorrhage  in  the centrilobular regions of the parenchyma. (B) On microscopic examination, the  centrilobular  region  is  suffused  with  red  blood  cells,  and  atrophied hepatocytes are not easily seen. Portal tracts and the periportal parenchyma are intact. 

507	  Acute  passive  congestion  ("nutmeg  liver").  (A) The  cut  liver section, in which major blood vessels are visible, is notable for a variegated mottled  red  appearance,  representing  congestion  and  hemorrhage  in  the centrilobular regions of the parenchyma. (B) On microscopic examination, the  centrilobular  region  is  suffused  with  red  blood  cells,  and  atrophied hepatocytes are not easily seen. Portal tracts and the periportal parenchyma are intact. 

508	 Focal nodular hyperplasia. (A) Resected specimen showing lobulated contours and a central stellate scar. (B) Low-power photomicrograph showing a broad fibrous scar with mixed hepatic arterial and bile duct elements  and  chronic  inflammation  within  hepatic  parenchyma  that  lacks normal architecture due to hepatocyte regeneration. 

509	 Focal nodular hyperplasia. (A) Resected specimen showing lobulated contours and a central stellate scar. (B) Low-power photomicrograph showing a broad fibrous scar with mixed hepatic arterial and bile duct elements  and  chronic  inflammation  within  hepatic  parenchyma  that  lacks normal architecture due to hepatocyte regeneration. 

510	  Liver  cell  adenoma.  (A)  Resected  specimen  of  the  liver  mass. (B) Microscopic view showing cords of hepatocytes, with an arterial vascular supply (arrow) and no portal tracts. 

511	  Liver  cell  adenoma.  (A)  Resected  specimen  of  the  liver  mass. (B) Microscopic view showing cords of hepatocytes, with an arterial vascular supply (arrow) and no portal tracts. 

512	 (A) Hepatitis C-related cirrhosis with a distinctively large dysplastic nodule (arrows). Nodule-in-nodule growth suggests an evolving cancer. (B) Histologically the region within the box in A shows a well-differentiated hepatocellular carcinoma (right side) and a subnodule of moderately differentiated  hepatocellular  carcinoma  within  it  (center,  left).  

513	 (A) Hepatitis C-related cirrhosis with a distinctively large dysplastic nodule (arrows). Nodule-in-nodule growth suggests an evolving cancer. (B) Histologically the region within the box in A shows a well-differentiated hepatocellular carcinoma (right side) and a subnodule of moderately differentiated  hepatocellular  carcinoma  within  it  (center,  left).  

514	 Hepatocellular carcinoma. (A) Liver removed at autopsy showing a  unifocal,  massive  neoplasm  replacing  most  of  the  right  hepatic  lobe  in  a noncirrhotic liver. (B) Malignant hepatocytes growing in distorted versions of  normal  architecture:  large  pseudoacinar  spaces,  essentially  malformed, dilated bile canaliculi, and thickened hepatocyte trabeculae. 

515	 Hepatocellular carcinoma. (A) Liver removed at autopsy showing a  unifocal,  massive  neoplasm  replacing  most  of  the  right  hepatic  lobe  in  a noncirrhotic liver. (B) Malignant hepatocytes growing in distorted versions of  normal  architecture:  large  pseudoacinar  spaces,  essentially  malformed, dilated bile canaliculi, and thickened hepatocyte trabeculae. 

516	 Cholangiocarcinoma. (A) Multifocal cholangiocarcinoma in a liver from  a  patient  with  infestation  by  the  liver  fluke  Clonorchis  sinensis  (flukes not visible) (B) Invasive malignant glands in a reactive, sclerotic stroma. 

517	 Cholangiocarcinoma. (A) Multifocal cholangiocarcinoma in a liver from  a  patient  with  infestation  by  the  liver  fluke  Clonorchis  sinensis  (flukes not visible) (B) Invasive malignant glands in a reactive, sclerotic stroma. 

518	 Cholesterol gallstones. The wall of the gallbladder is thickened and fibrotic due to chronic cholecystitis. 

519	 Pigment gallstones. Several faceted black gallstones are present in this otherwise unremarkable gallbladder from a patient with a mechanical mitral valve prosthesis, leading to chronic intravascular hemolysis. 

520	 Chronic cholecystitis. (A) The gallbladder mucosa is infiltrated by chronic inflammatory cells. (B) A Rokitansky-Aschoff sinus containing a fragmented bile pigment stone. 

521	 Chronic cholecystitis. (A) The gallbladder mucosa is infiltrated by chronic inflammatory cells. (B) A Rokitansky-Aschoff sinus containing a fragmented bile pigment stone. 

522	  Gallbladder  adenocarcinoma.  (A) The  opened  gallbladder  contains a large, exophytic tumor that virtually fills the lumen. (B) Microscopically,  the  tumor has the same appearance as that of intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma. 

523	  Gallbladder  adenocarcinoma.  (A) The  opened  gallbladder  contains a large, exophytic tumor that virtually fills the lumen. (B) Microscopically,  the  tumor has the same appearance as that of intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma. 

524	Acute pancreatitis. (A) The microscopic field shows a region of fat necrosis (right) and focal pancreatic parenchymal necrosis (center). (B) The pancreas has been sectioned longitudinally to reveal dark areas of hemorrhage in the pancreatic substance and a focal area of pale fat necrosis in the peripancreatic fat (upper left). 

525	Acute pancreatitis. (A) The microscopic field shows a region of fat necrosis (right) and focal pancreatic parenchymal necrosis (center). (B) The pancreas has been sectioned longitudinally to reveal dark areas of hemorrhage in the pancreatic substance and a focal area of pale fat necrosis in the peripancreatic fat (upper left). 

526	Pancreatic pseudocyst. (A) Cross-section revealing a poorly defined cyst with a necrotic brownish wall. (B) Histologically, the cyst lacks an epithelial lining and instead is lined by fibrin and granulation tissue, with typical changes of chronic inflammation. 

527	Pancreatic pseudocyst. (A) Cross-section revealing a poorly defined cyst with a necrotic brownish wall. (B) Histologically, the cyst lacks an epithelial lining and instead is lined by fibrin and granulation tissue, with typical changes of chronic inflammation. 

528	Chronic pancreatitis. (A) Extensive fibrosis and atrophy have left only residual islets (left) and ducts (right), with a sprinkling of chronic inflammatory cells  and  acinar  tissue.  (B) A  higher-power  view  demonstrating  dilated  ducts  with  inspissated  eosinophilic  concretions  in  a  patient  with  alcoholic  chronic pancreatitis. 

529	Serous cystadenoma. (A) Cross-section through a serous cystadenoma. Only a thin rim of normal pancreatic parenchyma remains. The cysts are relatively small and contain clear, straw-colored fluid. (B) The cysts are lined by cuboidal epithelium without atypia. 

530	Serous cystadenoma. (A) Cross-section through a serous cystadenoma. Only a thin rim of normal pancreatic parenchyma remains. The cysts are relatively small and contain clear, straw-colored fluid. (B) The cysts are lined by cuboidal epithelium without atypia. 

531	Mucinous cystic neoplasm. (A) Cross-section through a mucinous multiloculated cyst in the tail of the pancreas. The cysts are large and filled with tenacious mucin. (B) The cysts are lined by columnar mucinous epithelium, with a densely cellular "ovarian" stroma. 

532	Mucinous cystic neoplasm. (A) Cross-section through a mucinous multiloculated cyst in the tail of the pancreas. The cysts are large and filled with tenacious mucin. (B) The cysts are lined by columnar mucinous epithelium, with a densely cellular "ovarian" stroma. 

533	 Intraductal  papillary  mucinous  neoplasm.  (A)  Cross-section through the head of the pancreas showing a prominent papillary neoplasm distending  the  main  pancreatic  duct.  (B) The  papillary  mucinous  neoplasm involves  the  main  pancreatic  duct  (left)  and  is  extending  down  into  the smaller ducts and ductules (right). 

534	 Intraductal  papillary  mucinous  neoplasm.  (A)  Cross-section through the head of the pancreas showing a prominent papillary neoplasm distending  the  main  pancreatic  duct.  (B) The  papillary  mucinous  neoplasm involves  the  main  pancreatic  duct  (left)  and  is  extending  down  into  the smaller ducts and ductules (right). 

535	Carcinoma of the pancreas. (A) Cross-section through the head of the pancreas and adjacent common bile duct showing both an ill-defined mass in the pancreatic substance (arrowheads) and the green discoloration of the duct resulting from total obstruction of bile flow. (B) Poorly formed glands  are  present  in  a  densely  fibrotic  (desmoplastic)  stroma  within  the pancreatic substance. 

536	Carcinoma of the pancreas. (A) Cross-section through the head of the pancreas and adjacent common bile duct showing both an ill-defined mass in the pancreatic substance (arrowheads) and the green discoloration of the duct resulting from total obstruction of bile flow. (B) Poorly formed glands  are  present  in  a  densely  fibrotic  (desmoplastic)  stroma  within  the pancreatic substance. 

537	Carcinoma in situ (Bowen disease) of the penis. The epithelium above the intact basement membrane shows delayed maturation and disorganization  (left).  Higher  magnification  (right)  shows  several  mitotic  figures, some above the basal layer, and nuclear pleomorphism. 
538	Carcinoma of the penis. The glans penis is deformed by an ulcerated, infiltrative mass. 

539	 Seminoma  of  the  testis  appearing  as  a  well-circumscribed,  pale, fleshy, homogeneous mass. 

540	 Seminoma  of  the  testis.  Microscopic  examination  reveals  large cells with distinct cell borders, pale nuclei, prominent nucleoli, and a sparse lymphocytic infiltrate. 

541	 Embryonal  carcinoma.  Note  the  sheets  of  undifferentiated  cells and primitive glandlike structures. The nuclei are large and hyperchromatic.
 
542	Embryonal carcinoma. The tumor is hemorrhagic. 

543	Yolk sac tumor demonstrating areas of loosely textured, micro-cystic  tissue  and  papillary  structures  resembling  a  developing  glomerulus (Schiller-Duval bodies). 

544	Choriocarcinoma. Both cytotrophoblastic cells with single central nuclei  (arrowhead,  upper-right)  and  syncytiotrophoblastic  cells  with  multiple dark nuclei embedded in eosinophilic cytoplasm (arrow, middle) are present. Hemorrhage and necrosis are prominent. 

545	Teratoma. Testicular teratomas contain mature cells from endodermal, mesodermal, and ectodermal lines. (A to D) Four different fields from the same tumor specimen contain neural (ectodermal) (A), glandular (endodermal) (B), cartilaginous (mesodermal) (C), and squamous epithelial (D) elements. 

546	Teratoma. Testicular teratomas contain mature cells from endodermal, mesodermal, and ectodermal lines. (A to D) Four different fields from the same tumor specimen contain neural (ectodermal) (A), glandular (endodermal) (B), cartilaginous (mesodermal) (C), and squamous epithelial (D) elements. 

547	Teratoma. Testicular teratomas contain mature cells from endodermal, mesodermal, and ectodermal lines. (A to D) Four different fields from the same tumor specimen contain neural (ectodermal) (A), glandular (endodermal) (B), cartilaginous (mesodermal) (C), and squamous epithelial (D) elements. 

548	Teratoma. Testicular teratomas contain mature cells from endodermal, mesodermal, and ectodermal lines. (A to D) Four different fields from the same tumor specimen contain neural (ectodermal) (A), glandular (endodermal) (B), cartilaginous (mesodermal) (C), and squamous epithelial (D) elements. 

549	  Nodular  prostatic  hyperplasia. Well-defined  nodules  compress the urethra into a slitlike lumen. 

550	 Nodular hyperplasia of the prostate. (A) Low-power photomicrograph demonstrates a well-demarcated nodule at the right of the field, with a portion of urethra seen to the left. In other cases of nodular hyperplasia, the nodularity is caused predominantly by stromal, rather than glandular, proliferation. (B) Higher-power photomicrograph demonstrates the morphology of the hyperplastic glands, which are large and have papillary infoldings. 

551	 Nodular hyperplasia of the prostate. (A) Low-power photomicrograph demonstrates a well-demarcated nodule at the right of the field, with a portion of urethra seen to the left. In other cases of nodular hyperplasia, the nodularity is caused predominantly by stromal, rather than glandular, proliferation. (B) Higher-power photomicrograph demonstrates the morphology of the hyperplastic glands, which are large and have papillary infoldings. 

552	 Adenocarcinoma of the prostate. Carcinomatous tissue is seen on the posterior aspect (lower left). Note the solid whiter tissue of cancer, in  contrast  with  the  spongy  appearance  of  the  benign  peripheral  zone  on the contralateral side. 

553	 (A) Adenocarcinoma of the prostate demonstrating small glands crowded  in  between  larger  benign  glands.  (B)  Higher  magnification  shows several small malignant glands with enlarged nuclei, prominent nucleoli, and dark cytoplasm, as compared with the larger, benign gland (top). 

554	 Cystoscopic appearance of a papillary urothelial tumor, resembling coral, within the bladder. 

555	  Noninvasive  low-grade  papillary  urothelial  carcinoma.  Higher  magnification  (right)  shows  slightly  irregular  nuclei  with  scattered  mitotic  figures (arrow). 

556	 Carcinoma in situ (CIS) with enlarged hyperchromatic nuclei and a mitotic figure (arrow). 

557	 (A) Syphilitic chancre of the scrotum. Such lesions typically are painless despite the presence of ulceration, and they heal spontaneously. (B) Histologic  features  of  the  chancre  include  a  diffuse  plasma  cell  infiltrate beneath squamous epithelium of skin. 

558	 (A) Syphilitic chancre of the scrotum. Such lesions typically are painless despite the presence of ulceration, and they heal spontaneously. (B) Histologic  features  of  the  chancre  include  a  diffuse  plasma  cell  infiltrate beneath squamous epithelium of skin. 

559	 Neisseria gonorrhoeae. Gram stain of urethral discharge demonstrates characteristic gram-negative, intracellular diplococci (arrow).

560	 Acute epididymitis caused by gonococcal infection. The epididymis is involved by an abscess. Normal testis is seen on the right. 

561	Nonneoplastic vulvar epithelial disorders. (A) Lichen sclerosus. There is marked thinning of the epidermis, fibrosis of the superficial dermis, and chronic inflammatory cells in the deeper dermis. (B) Lichen simplex chronicus displaying thickened epidermis and hyperkeratosis. 

562	Nonneoplastic vulvar epithelial disorders. (A) Lichen sclerosus. There is marked thinning of the epidermis, fibrosis of the superficial dermis, and chronic inflammatory cells in the deeper dermis. (B) Lichen simplex chronicus displaying thickened epidermis and hyperkeratosis. 

563	 (A)  Numerous  condylomas  of  the  vulva.  (B)  Histopathologic features  of  condyloma  acuminatum  include  acanthosis,  hyperkeratosis,  and cytoplasmic vacuolization (koilocytosis, center). 

564	 (A)  Numerous  condylomas  of  the  vulva.  (B)  Histopathologic features  of  condyloma  acuminatum  include  acanthosis,  hyperkeratosis,  and cytoplasmic vacuolization (koilocytosis, center). 

565	Paget disease of the vulva. Large tumor cells with pale-pink cytoplasm  are  seen  infiltrating  the  epidermis.  Chronic  inflammatory  cells  are present in the underlying dermis. 

566	Cervical transformation zone showing the transition from mature glycogenated squamous epithelium, to immature metaplastic squamous cells, to columnar endocervical glandular epithelium. 

567	 Spectrum  of  squamous  intraepithelial  lesions  (SIL)  with  normal  squamous  epithelium  for  comparison:  LSIL  with  koilocytotic  atypia;  HSIL  with progressive atypia in all layers of the epithelium; and HSIL with diffuse atypia and loss of maturation (carcinoma in situ, far right image). 

568	Spectrum  of  squamous  intraepithelial  lesions  (SIL)  with  normal  squamous  epithelium  for  comparison:  LSIL  with  koilocytotic  atypia;  HSIL  with progressive atypia in all layers of the epithelium; and HSIL with diffuse atypia and loss of maturation (carcinoma in situ, far right image). 

569	Spectrum  of  squamous  intraepithelial  lesions  (SIL)  with  normal  squamous  epithelium  for  comparison:  LSIL  with  koilocytotic  atypia;  HSIL  with progressive atypia in all layers of the epithelium; and HSIL with diffuse atypia and loss of maturation (carcinoma in situ, far right image). 

570	Spectrum  of  squamous  intraepithelial  lesions  (SIL)  with  normal  squamous  epithelium  for  comparison:  LSIL  with  koilocytotic  atypia;  HSIL  with progressive atypia in all layers of the epithelium; and HSIL with diffuse atypia and loss of maturation (carcinoma in situ, far right image). 

571	Cytologic  features  of  squamous  intraepithelial  lesion  (SIL)  in  a  Papanicolaou  smear.  Superficial  squamous  cells  may  stain  either  red  or  blue. (A)  Normal  exfoliated  superficial  squamous  epithelial  cells.  (B)  Low-grade  squamous  intraepithelial  lesion  (LSIL).  (C  and  D)  Both  high-grade  squamous intraepithelial lesions (HSILs). Note the reduction in cytoplasm and the increase in the nucleus-to-cytoplasm ratio as the grade of the lesion increases. This observation reflects the progressive loss of cellular differentiation on the surface of the cervical lesions from which these cells are exfoliated 

572	Cytologic  features  of  squamous  intraepithelial  lesion  (SIL)  in  a  Papanicolaou  smear.  Superficial  squamous  cells  may  stain  either  red  or  blue. (A)  Normal  exfoliated  superficial  squamous  epithelial  cells.  (B)  Low-grade  squamous  intraepithelial  lesion  (LSIL).  (C  and  D)  Both  high-grade  squamous intraepithelial lesions (HSILs). Note the reduction in cytoplasm and the increase in the nucleus-to-cytoplasm ratio as the grade of the lesion increases. This observation reflects the progressive loss of cellular differentiation on the surface of the cervical lesions from which these cells are exfoliated 

573	Cytologic  features  of  squamous  intraepithelial  lesion  (SIL)  in  a  Papanicolaou  smear.  Superficial  squamous  cells  may  stain  either  red  or  blue. (A)  Normal  exfoliated  superficial  squamous  epithelial  cells.  (B)  Low-grade  squamous  intraepithelial  lesion  (LSIL).  (C  and  D)  Both  high-grade  squamous intraepithelial lesions (HSILs). Note the reduction in cytoplasm and the increase in the nucleus-to-cytoplasm ratio as the grade of the lesion increases. This observation reflects the progressive loss of cellular differentiation on the surface of the cervical lesions from which these cells are exfoliated 

574	Cytologic  features  of  squamous  intraepithelial  lesion  (SIL)  in  a  Papanicolaou  smear.  Superficial  squamous  cells  may  stain  either  red  or  blue. (A)  Normal  exfoliated  superficial  squamous  epithelial  cells.  (B)  Low-grade  squamous  intraepithelial  lesion  (LSIL).  (C  and  D)  Both  high-grade  squamous intraepithelial lesions (HSILs). Note the reduction in cytoplasm and the increase in the nucleus-to-cytoplasm ratio as the grade of the lesion increases. This observation reflects the progressive loss of cellular differentiation on the surface of the cervical lesions from which these cells are exfoliated 

575	Cervical  os  with  surrounding,  invasive,  exophytic  cervical carcinoma. 

576	Ovarian endometriosis. Sectioning of ovary shows a large endometriotic cyst with degenerated blood ("chocolate cyst"). 

577	Endometrial hyperplasia. (A) Anovulatory or "disordered" endometrium containing dilated glands. (B) Hyperplasia without atypia, characterized by nests of closely packed glands. (C) Hyperplasia with atypia, seen as glandular crowding and cellular atypia. 

578	Endometrial hyperplasia. (A) Anovulatory or "disordered" endometrium containing dilated glands. (B) Hyperplasia without atypia, characterized by nests of closely packed glands. (C) Hyperplasia with atypia, seen as glandular crowding and cellular atypia. 

579	Endometrial hyperplasia. (A) Anovulatory or "disordered" endometrium containing dilated glands. (B) Hyperplasia without atypia, characterized by nests of closely packed glands. (C) Hyperplasia with atypia, seen as glandular crowding and cellular atypia. 

580	Endometrial carcinoma. (A) Endometrioid type, grade 1, infiltrating myometrium and growing in a glandular pattern. (B) Endometrioid type, grade 3, has a predominantly solid growth pattern. (C) Serous carcinoma of the endometrium, with papilla formation and marked cytologic atypia. (D) Immunohis-tochemical staining shows accumulation of p53, a finding associated with TP53 mutation. 

581	Endometrial carcinoma. (A) Endometrioid type, grade 1, infiltrating myometrium and growing in a glandular pattern. (B) Endometrioid type, grade 3, has a predominantly solid growth pattern. (C) Serous carcinoma of the endometrium, with papilla formation and marked cytologic atypia. (D) Immunohis-tochemical staining shows accumulation of p53, a finding associated with TP53 mutation. 

582	Endometrial carcinoma. (A) Endometrioid type, grade 1, infiltrating myometrium and growing in a glandular pattern. (B) Endometrioid type, grade 3, has a predominantly solid growth pattern. (C) Serous carcinoma of the endometrium, with papilla formation and marked cytologic atypia. (D) Immunohis-tochemical staining shows accumulation of p53, a finding associated with TP53 mutation. 

583	Endometrial carcinoma. (A) Endometrioid type, grade 1, infiltrating myometrium and growing in a glandular pattern. (B) Endometrioid type, grade 3, has a predominantly solid growth pattern. (C) Serous carcinoma of the endometrium, with papilla formation and marked cytologic atypia. (D) Immunohis-tochemical staining shows accumulation of p53, a finding associated with TP53 mutation. 

584	Uterine leiomyomas. (A) The uterus is opened to show multiple submucosal, myometrial, and subserosal gray-white tumors, each with a characteristic whorled appearance on cut section. (B) Microscopic appearance of leiomyoma shows bundles of normal-looking smooth muscle cells. 

585	Uterine leiomyomas. (A) The uterus is opened to show multiple submucosal, myometrial, and subserosal gray-white tumors, each with a characteristic whorled appearance on cut section. (B) Microscopic appearance of leiomyoma shows bundles of normal-looking smooth muscle cells. 

586	Pelvic inflammatory disease, bilateral and asymmetric. The tube and ovary to the left of the uterus are totally obscured by a hemorrhagic inflammatory mass. The tube is adherent to the adjacent ovary on the other side. 

587	 Ovarian  serous  tumors.  (A)  Borderline  serous  cystadenoma opened to display a cyst cavity lined by delicate papillary tumor growths. (B) Cystadenocarcinoma. The cyst is opened to show a large, bulky tumor mass. 

588	 Ovarian  serous  tumors.  (A)  Borderline  serous  cystadenoma opened to display a cyst cavity lined by delicate papillary tumor growths. (B) Cystadenocarcinoma. The cyst is opened to show a large, bulky tumor mass. 

589	 Ovarian  mucinous  cystadenoma.  (A)  Mucinous  cystadenoma with  multicystic  appearance  and  delicate  septa.  Note  the  presence  of  glistening  mucin  within  the  cysts.  (B)  Columnar  cell  lining  of  mucinous cystadenoma. 

590	 Ovarian  mucinous  cystadenoma.  (A)  Mucinous  cystadenoma with  multicystic  appearance  and  delicate  septa.  Note  the  presence  of  glistening  mucin  within  the  cysts.  (B)  Columnar  cell  lining  of  mucinous cystadenoma. 

591	 Mature  cystic  teratoma  (dermoid  cyst)  of  the  ovary. A  ball  of hair (bottom) and a mixture of tissues are evident. 

592	 Complete  hydatidiform  mole,  consisting  of  numerous  swollen (hydropic) villi. 

593	 Complete  hydatidiform  mole.  In  this  microscopic  image,  distended  hydropic  villi  (below)  and  proliferation  of  the  chorionic  epithelium (above)  are  evident.  

594	 Choriocarcinoma. This  field  contains  both  neoplastic  cytotro-phoblast  and  multinucleate  syncytiotrophoblast. 

595	 Intralobular  stromal  neoplasms.  (A)  Fibroadenoma. This  benign  tumor  has  an  expansile  growth  pattern  with  pushing  circumscribed  borders. (B) Phyllodes tumors. Proliferating stromal cells distort the glandular tissue, forming cleftlike spaces, and bulge into surrounding stroma. 

596	 Intralobular  stromal  neoplasms.  (A)  Fibroadenoma. This  benign  tumor  has  an  expansile  growth  pattern  with  pushing  circumscribed  borders. (B) Phyllodes tumors. Proliferating stromal cells distort the glandular tissue, forming cleftlike spaces, and bulge into surrounding stroma. 

597	 Benign  epithelial  breast  disease.  (A)  Nonproliferative  disease. An  apocrine  cyst  is  shown  that  is  a  common  feature  of  nonproliferative  breast disease. (B) Proliferative breast disease is characterized by increased numbers of epithelial cells, as in this example of epithelial hyperplasia. (C) Proliferative breast disease with atypia. The proliferating epithelial cells are monomorphic in appearance and pile up to form abnormal architectural structures. 

598	 Benign  epithelial  breast  disease.  (A)  Nonproliferative  disease. An  apocrine  cyst  is  shown  that  is  a  common  feature  of  nonproliferative  breast disease. (B) Proliferative breast disease is characterized by increased numbers of epithelial cells, as in this example of epithelial hyperplasia. (C) Proliferative breast disease with atypia. The proliferating epithelial cells are monomorphic in appearance and pile up to form abnormal architectural structures. 

599	 Benign  epithelial  breast  disease.  (A)  Nonproliferative  disease. An  apocrine  cyst  is  shown  that  is  a  common  feature  of  nonproliferative  breast disease. (B) Proliferative breast disease is characterized by increased numbers of epithelial cells, as in this example of epithelial hyperplasia. (C) Proliferative breast disease with atypia. The proliferating epithelial cells are monomorphic in appearance and pile up to form abnormal architectural structures. 

600	Major pathways of breast cancer development. The most common pathway (yellow arrow) leads to ER-positive cancers. Morphologically recognized precursor lesions include flat epithelial atypia, ADH, and DCIS, all of which share certain genomic events with invasive ER-positive carcinomas, such gains of chromosome 1, losses of chromosome 16, and mutations of PIK3CA (the gene encoding PI3K). By gene expression profiling, these cancers are classified as "luminal." This is the type of cancer that arises most commonly in individuals with germline BRCA2 mutations. Less common are cancers that overexpress HER2 because of gene amplification (green arrow). These cancers may be positive or negative for ER and are usually associated with germline TP53 mutations. A possible precursor lesion is atypical apocrine adenosis, which shares features with apocrine DCIS. The least common but molecularly most distinctive type of breast cancer is negative for ER and HER2 ("triple negative"; blue arrow). These cancers have loss of BRCA1 and TP53 function and are genomically unstable. The majority of triple-negative cancers are classified as "basal-like" by gene expression profiling. 

601	Carcinoma in situ. (A) Lobular carcinoma in situ (LCIS). (B) Ductal carcinoma in situ (DCIS). DCIS partially involves the lobule in the lower half of this photo and has completely effaced the upper lobules, producing a ductlike appearance. (C) Mammographic detection of calcifications associated with DCIS.
 
602	Carcinoma in situ. (A) Lobular carcinoma in situ (LCIS). (B) Ductal carcinoma in situ (DCIS). DCIS partially involves the lobule in the lower half of this photo and has completely effaced the upper lobules, producing a ductlike appearance. (C) Mammographic detection of calcifications associated with DCIS.
 
603	Carcinoma in situ. (A) Lobular carcinoma in situ (LCIS). (B) Ductal carcinoma in situ (DCIS). DCIS partially involves the lobule in the lower half of this photo and has completely effaced the upper lobules, producing a ductlike appearance. (C) Mammographic detection of calcifications associated with DCIS.
 
604	Growth patterns of invasive breast carcinomas. (A) Most grow as tubules ("ductal" carcinoma) and stimulate a reactive desmoplastic stromal proliferation.  In  mammograms  (B),  these  carcinomas  appear  as  dense  masses  with  spicular  margins  resulting  from  invasion  of  adjacent  radiolucent  breast tissue. (C) Lobular carcinomas are composed of noncohesive tumor cells that invade as linear cords of cells and induce little stromal response. Accordingly, in mammograms (D) lobular carcinomas often appear as relatively subtle, irregular masses (arrows). (E) Uncommonly, carcinomas consist of tightly adhesive clusters of cells, as in this carcinoma with medullary features, or when there is abundant extracellular mucin production. (F) Such tumors may appear as well-circumscribed masses in mammograms, mimicking the appearance of a benign lesion. 

605	Growth patterns of invasive breast carcinomas. (A) Most grow as tubules ("ductal" carcinoma) and stimulate a reactive desmoplastic stromal proliferation.  In  mammograms  (B),  these  carcinomas  appear  as  dense  masses  with  spicular  margins  resulting  from  invasion  of  adjacent  radiolucent  breast tissue. (C) Lobular carcinomas are composed of noncohesive tumor cells that invade as linear cords of cells and induce little stromal response. Accordingly, in mammograms (D) lobular carcinomas often appear as relatively subtle, irregular masses (arrows). (E) Uncommonly, carcinomas consist of tightly adhesive clusters of cells, as in this carcinoma with medullary features, or when there is abundant extracellular mucin production. (F) Such tumors may appear as well-circumscribed masses in mammograms, mimicking the appearance of a benign lesion. 

606	Growth patterns of invasive breast carcinomas. (A) Most grow as tubules ("ductal" carcinoma) and stimulate a reactive desmoplastic stromal proliferation.  In  mammograms  (B),  these  carcinomas  appear  as  dense  masses  with  spicular  margins  resulting  from  invasion  of  adjacent  radiolucent  breast tissue. (C) Lobular carcinomas are composed of noncohesive tumor cells that invade as linear cords of cells and induce little stromal response. Accordingly, in mammograms (D) lobular carcinomas often appear as relatively subtle, irregular masses (arrows). (E) Uncommonly, carcinomas consist of tightly adhesive clusters of cells, as in this carcinoma with medullary features, or when there is abundant extracellular mucin production. (F) Such tumors may appear as well-circumscribed masses in mammograms, mimicking the appearance of a benign lesion. 

607	Growth patterns of invasive breast carcinomas. (A) Most grow as tubules ("ductal" carcinoma) and stimulate a reactive desmoplastic stromal proliferation.  In  mammograms  (B),  these  carcinomas  appear  as  dense  masses  with  spicular  margins  resulting  from  invasion  of  adjacent  radiolucent  breast tissue. (C) Lobular carcinomas are composed of noncohesive tumor cells that invade as linear cords of cells and induce little stromal response. Accordingly, in mammograms (D) lobular carcinomas often appear as relatively subtle, irregular masses (arrows). (E) Uncommonly, carcinomas consist of tightly adhesive clusters of cells, as in this carcinoma with medullary features, or when there is abundant extracellular mucin production. (F) Such tumors may appear as well-circumscribed masses in mammograms, mimicking the appearance of a benign lesion. 

608	Growth patterns of invasive breast carcinomas. (A) Most grow as tubules ("ductal" carcinoma) and stimulate a reactive desmoplastic stromal proliferation.  In  mammograms  (B),  these  carcinomas  appear  as  dense  masses  with  spicular  margins  resulting  from  invasion  of  adjacent  radiolucent  breast tissue. (C) Lobular carcinomas are composed of noncohesive tumor cells that invade as linear cords of cells and induce little stromal response. Accordingly, in mammograms (D) lobular carcinomas often appear as relatively subtle, irregular masses (arrows). (E) Uncommonly, carcinomas consist of tightly adhesive clusters of cells, as in this carcinoma with medullary features, or when there is abundant extracellular mucin production. (F) Such tumors may appear as well-circumscribed masses in mammograms, mimicking the appearance of a benign lesion. 

609	Growth patterns of invasive breast carcinomas. (A) Most grow as tubules ("ductal" carcinoma) and stimulate a reactive desmoplastic stromal proliferation.  In  mammograms  (B),  these  carcinomas  appear  as  dense  masses  with  spicular  margins  resulting  from  invasion  of  adjacent  radiolucent  breast tissue. (C) Lobular carcinomas are composed of noncohesive tumor cells that invade as linear cords of cells and induce little stromal response. Accordingly, in mammograms (D) lobular carcinomas often appear as relatively subtle, irregular masses (arrows). (E) Uncommonly, carcinomas consist of tightly adhesive clusters of cells, as in this carcinoma with medullary features, or when there is abundant extracellular mucin production. (F) Such tumors may appear as well-circumscribed masses in mammograms, mimicking the appearance of a benign lesion. 

610	Normal anterior pituitary gland. The gland is populated by several distinct cell types that express different peptide hormones. These hormones are  basophilic  (blue),  eosinophilic  (red),  or  nonstaining  in  routine  sections stained with hematoxylin and eosin, which allows the various cell types to be identified. Note also the presence of a fine reticulin network between the cells. 

611	  Pituitary  adenoma.  This  massive,  nonfunctioning  adenoma  has grown  far  beyond  the  confines  of  the  sella  turcica  and  has  distorted  the overlying brain. Nonfunctioning adenomas tend to be larger at the time of diagnosis than those that secrete a hormone. 

612	Pituitary adenoma. The monomorphism of these cells contrasts with  the  admixture  of  cells  seen  in  the  normal  anterior  pituitary  gland. Note also the absence of the reticulin network. 

613	A patient with hyperthyroidism. A wide-eyed, staring gaze, caused by  overactivity  of  the  sympathetic  nervous  system,  is  one  of  the  classic features of this disorder. In Graves disease, one of the most important causes of  hyperthyroidism,  accumulation  of  loose  connective  tissue  behind  the orbits also adds to the protuberant appearance of the eyes. 

614	Hashimoto thyroiditis. The thyroid parenchyma contains a dense lymphocytic infiltrate with germinal centers. Residual thyroid follicles lined by deeply eosinophilic Hurthle cells also are seen. 

615	Graves disease. The follicles are lined by tall columnar epithelial cells  that  are  actively  resorbing  the  colloid  in  the  centers  of  the  follicles, resulting in a "scalloped" appearance of the colloid. 

616	Multinodular goiter. (A) Gross morphologic appearance. The coarsely nodular gland contains areas of fibrosis and cystic change. (B) Photomicrograph of a specimen from a hyperplastic nodule, with compressed residual thyroid parenchyma on the periphery. The hyperplastic follicles contain abundant pink "colloid" within their lumina. Note the absence of a prominent capsule, a feature distinguishing such lesions from neoplasms of the thyroid. 

617	Multinodular goiter. (A) Gross morphologic appearance. The coarsely nodular gland contains areas of fibrosis and cystic change. (B) Photomicrograph of a specimen from a hyperplastic nodule, with compressed residual thyroid parenchyma on the periphery. The hyperplastic follicles contain abundant pink "colloid" within their lumina. Note the absence of a prominent capsule, a feature distinguishing such lesions from neoplasms of the thyroid.

618	 Hurthle  cell  adenoma.  On  this  high-power  view,  the  tumor  is composed of cells with abundant eosinophilic cytoplasm and small regular nuclei.

619	 Follicular  adenoma  of  the  thyroid  gland.  (A) A  solitary,  well-circumscribed nodule is visible in this gross specimen. (B) The photomicrograph shows well-differentiated follicles resembling those of normal thyroid parenchyma. 

620	 Follicular  adenoma  of  the  thyroid  gland.  (A) A  solitary,  well-circumscribed nodule is visible in this gross specimen. (B) The photomicrograph shows well-differentiated follicles resembling those of normal thyroid parenchyma. 

621	Papillary carcinoma of the thyroid gland. (A to C) A papillary carcinoma with grossly discernible papillary structures. In this particular example, well-formed papillae (B) are lined by cells with characteristic empty-appearing nuclei, sometimes termed Orphan Annie eye nuclei (C). (D) Cells obtained by fine-needle  aspiration  of  a  papillary  carcinoma.  Characteristic  intranuclear  inclusions  are  visible  in  some  of  the  aspirated  cells  (arrows).  

622	Papillary carcinoma of the thyroid gland. (A to C) A papillary carcinoma with grossly discernible papillary structures. In this particular example, well-formed papillae (B) are lined by cells with characteristic empty-appearing nuclei, sometimes termed Orphan Annie eye nuclei (C). (D) Cells obtained by fine-needle  aspiration  of  a  papillary  carcinoma.  Characteristic  intranuclear  inclusions  are  visible  in  some  of  the  aspirated  cells  (arrows).  

623	Papillary carcinoma of the thyroid gland. (A to C) A papillary carcinoma with grossly discernible papillary structures. In this particular example, well-formed papillae (B) are lined by cells with characteristic empty-appearing nuclei, sometimes termed Orphan Annie eye nuclei (C). (D) Cells obtained by fine-needle  aspiration  of  a  papillary  carcinoma.  Characteristic  intranuclear  inclusions  are  visible  in  some  of  the  aspirated  cells  (arrows).  

624	Papillary carcinoma of the thyroid gland. (A to C) A papillary carcinoma with grossly discernible papillary structures. In this particular example, well-formed papillae (B) are lined by cells with characteristic empty-appearing nuclei, sometimes termed Orphan Annie eye nuclei (C). (D) Cells obtained by fine-needle  aspiration  of  a  papillary  carcinoma.  Characteristic  intranuclear  inclusions  are  visible  in  some  of  the  aspirated  cells  (arrows).  

625	Follicular carcinoma of the thyroid gland. A few of the glandular lumina contain recognizable colloid. 

626	Capsular invasion in follicular carcinoma. Evaluating the integrity of the capsule is critical in distinguishing follicular adenomas from follicular carcinomas. (A) In adenomas, a fibrous capsule, usually thin but occasionally more prominent, surrounds the neoplastic follicles and no capsular invasion is seen; compressed normal thyroid parenchyma usually is present external to  the  capsule  (top).  (B)  By  contrast,  follicular  carcinomas  demonstrate capsular invasion that may be minimal, as in this case, or widespread, with extension into local structures of the neck. 

627	Capsular invasion in follicular carcinoma. Evaluating the integrity of the capsule is critical in distinguishing follicular adenomas from follicular carcinomas. (A) In adenomas, a fibrous capsule, usually thin but occasionally more prominent, surrounds the neoplastic follicles and no capsular invasion is seen; compressed normal thyroid parenchyma usually is present external to  the  capsule  (top).  (B)  By  contrast,  follicular  carcinomas  demonstrate capsular invasion that may be minimal, as in this case, or widespread, with extension into local structures of the neck. 

628	Medullary carcinoma of the thyroid gland. These tumors typically contain amyloid, visible here as homogeneous extracellular material, derived from calcitonin molecules secreted by the neoplastic cells. 

629	 Technetium-99  radionuclide  scan  demonstrates  an  area  of increased uptake corresponding to the left inferior parathyroid gland (arrow). This proved to be a parathyroid adenoma. Preoperative scintigraphy is useful in  localizing  and  distinguishing  adenomas  from  parathyroid  hyperplasia,  in which more than one gland will demonstrate increased uptake. 

630	Chief cell parathyroid adenoma. (A) In this low-power view, a solitary hypercellular adenoma is delineated from the residual normocellular gland on the upper right. (B) High-power detail shows minimal variation in nuclear size and occasional follicle formation. 

631	Chief cell parathyroid adenoma. (A) In this low-power view, a solitary hypercellular adenoma is delineated from the residual normocellular gland on the upper right. (B) High-power detail shows minimal variation in nuclear size and occasional follicle formation. 

632	(A) Autoimmune insulitis in a human pancreatic explant. Arrows point to inflammation surrounding islet of Langerhans, while the surrounding acinar structures are essentially normal.  (B) Amyloidosis of a pancreatic islet in type 2 diabetes. Amyloidosis typically is observed late in the natural history of this form of diabetes, with islet inflammation noted at earlier observations. 

633	(A) Autoimmune insulitis in a human pancreatic explant. Arrows point to inflammation surrounding islet of Langerhans, while the surrounding acinar structures are essentially normal.  (B) Amyloidosis of a pancreatic islet in type 2 diabetes. Amyloidosis typically is observed late in the natural history of this form of diabetes, with islet inflammation noted at earlier observations. 

634	Severe renal hyaline arteriolosclerosis in a periodic acid-Schiff stained specimen. Note the markedly thickened, tortuous afferent arteriole. The amorphous nature of the thickened vascular wall is evident.

635	 Renal  cortex  showing  thickening  of  tubular  basement  membranes in a specimen from a diabetic patient. (Periodic acid-Schiff stain.) 

636	Nodular glomerulosclerosis in a renal specimen from a patient with long-standing diabetes. 

637	Renal glomerulus showing markedly thickened glomerular basement membrane (B) in a diabetic. L, Glomerular capillary lumen; U, urinary space. 

638	 Nephrosclerosis  in  a  patient  with  long-standing  diabetes. The bisected kidney demonstrates diffuse granular transformation of the surface (left) and marked thinning of the cortex (right). Additional features include some  irregular  depressions,  the  result  of  pyelonephritis,  and  an  incidental cortical cyst (far right). 

639	Characteristic morphologic changes of diabetic retinopathy. Features  include  advanced  proliferative  retinopathy  with  retinal  hemorrhages, exudates,  neovascularization,  and  tractional  retinal  detachment  (lower-right corner). 

640	Pancreatic neuroendocrine tumor (PanNET), also called islet cell tumor. The neoplastic cells are monotonous in appearance and demonstrate minimal pleomorphism or mitotic activity. There is abundant amyloid deposition, characteristic of an insulinoma. 

641	Diffuse hyperplasia of the adrenal gland (bottom) contrasted with a normal adrenal gland (top). In a cross-section, the adrenal cortex is yellow and  thickened,  and  a  subtle  nodularity  is  evident. The  abnormal  gland  was from  a  patient  with ACTH-dependent  Cushing  syndrome,  in  whom  both adrenal  glands  were  diffusely  hyperplastic.  ACTH,  Adrenocorticotropic hormone. 

642	(A) Primary pigmented nodular adrenocortical hyperplasia showing prominent pigmented nodules in the adrenal gland. (B) On histologic examination, the nodules are composed of cells containing lipofuscin pigment, seen in the right part of the field. 

643	(A) Primary pigmented nodular adrenocortical hyperplasia showing prominent pigmented nodules in the adrenal gland. (B) On histologic examination, the nodules are composed of cells containing lipofuscin pigment, seen in the right part of the field. 

644	Adrenocortical adenoma. (A) The adenoma is distinguished from nodular hyperplasia by its solitary, circumscribed nature. The functional status of an adrenocortical adenoma cannot be predicted from its gross or microscopic appearance. (B) Histologic features of an adrenal cortical adenoma. The neoplastic cells are vacuolated because of the presence of intracytoplasmic lipid. There is mild nuclear pleomorphism. Mitotic activity and necrosis are not seen. 

645	Adrenocortical adenoma. (A) The adenoma is distinguished from nodular hyperplasia by its solitary, circumscribed nature. The functional status of an adrenocortical adenoma cannot be predicted from its gross or microscopic appearance. (B) Histologic features of an adrenal cortical adenoma. The neoplastic cells are vacuolated because of the presence of intracytoplasmic lipid. There is mild nuclear pleomorphism. Mitotic activity and necrosis are not seen. 

646	A patient with Cushing syndrome. Characteristic features include central obesity, "moon facies," and abdominal striae. 

647	 Waterhouse-Friderichsen  syndrome.  Bilateral  adrenal  hemorrhage in an infant with overwhelming sepsis, resulting in acute adrenal insufficiency.  At  autopsy,  the  adrenal  glands  were  grossly  hemorrhagic  and shrunken;  in  this  photomicrograph,  little  residual  cortical  architecture  is discernible. 

648	 Adrenal  carcinoma. The  tumor  dwarfs  the  kidney  and  com-presses the upper pole. It is largely hemorrhagic and necrotic. 

649	Autoimmune adrenalitis. In addition to loss of all but a subcapsular rim of cortical cells, there is an extensive mononuclear cell infiltrate.
 
650	Adrenal carcinoma with marked anaplasia. 

651	Photomicrograph of pheochromocytoma, demonstrating characteristic  nests  of  cells  with  abundant  cytoplasm.  Granules  containing  catecholamine  are  not  visible  in  this  preparation.  It  is  not  uncommon  to  find bizarre cells (such as the one in the center of this image), even in pheochromocytomas that are benign. 

652	Pheochromocytoma. The tumor is enclosed within an attenuated cortex and demonstrates areas of hemorrhage. The comma-shaped residual adrenal gland is seen (lower portion). 

653	Woven bone (A) is more cellular and disorganized than lamellar bone (B). 

654	Woven bone (A) is more cellular and disorganized than lamellar bone (B). 

655	(A) Active osteoblasts synthesizing bone matrix. The surrounding spindle cells represent osteoprogenitor cells. (B) Two osteoclasts resorbing bone.
 
656	(A) Active osteoblasts synthesizing bone matrix. The surrounding spindle cells represent osteoprogenitor cells. (B) Two osteoclasts resorbing bone. 
657	Active  growth  plate  with  ongoing  endochondral  ossification.  1, Reserve zone. 2, Zone of proliferation. 3, Zone of hypertrophy. 4, Zone of mineralization. 5, Primary spongiosa. 

658	Osteoporotic  vertebral  body  (right)  shortened  by  compression fractures compared with a normal vertebral body (left). Note that the osteoporotic vertebra has a characteristic loss of horizontal trabeculae and thickened vertical trabeculae. 

659	In advanced osteoporosis, both the trabecular bone of the medulla (bottom) and the cortical bone (top) are markedly thinned. 

660	Hyperparathyroidism with osteoclasts boring into the center of the trabecula resembling a train track (dissecting osteitis). 

661	Resected rib, harboring an expansile brown tumor adjacent to the costal cartilage. 

662	Mosaic pattern of lamellar bone pathognomonic of Paget disease. 

663	Femoral head with a subchondral, wedge-shaped pale yellow area of osteonecrosis (arrow). The space between the overlying articular cartilage and bone is caused by trabecular compression fractures without repair. 

664	 Resected  femur  in  a  person  with  draining  osteomyelitis. The drainage  tract  in  the  subperiosteal  shell  of  viable  new  bone  (involucrum) shows the inner native necrotic cortex (sequestrum). 

665	Osteoid osteoma composed of haphazardly interconnecting trabeculae  of  woven  bone  that  are  rimmed  by  prominent  osteoblasts. The intertrabecular spaces are filled by vascularized loose connective tissue. 

666	 Distal  femoral  osteosarcoma  with  prominent  bone  formation extending into the soft tissues. The periosteum, which has been lifted, has laid down a triangular shell of reactive bone known as a Codman triangle (arrow). 

667	 Osteosarcoma  of  the  proximal  tibia. The  tan-white  tumor  fills most of the medullary cavity of the metaphysis and proximal diaphysis. It has infiltrated through the cortex, lifted the periosteum, and formed soft tissue masses on both sides of the bone. 

668	Fine, lacelike pattern of neoplastic bone produced by anaplastic malignant tumor cells in an osteosarcoma. Note the abnormal mitotic figure (arrow).
 
669	Osteochondroma. (A) Radiograph of an osteochondroma arising from the distal femur (arrow). (B) The cartilage cap has the histologic appearance of disorganized growth plate-like cartilage. 

670	Osteochondroma. (A) Radiograph of an osteochondroma arising from the distal femur (arrow). (B) The cartilage cap has the histologic appearance of disorganized growth plate-like cartilage. 

671	Enchondroma of the proximal phalanx. The radiolucent nodule of cartilage with central calcification thins but does not penetrate the cortex. 

672	Enchondroma composed of a nodule of hyaline cartilage encased by a thin layer of reactive bone. 

673	 Chondrosarcoma.  (A)  Nodules  of  hyaline  and  myxoid  cartilage  permeating  throughout  the  medullary  cavity,  growing  through  the  cortex,  and forming a relatively well-circumscribed soft tissue mass. (B) Conventional chondrosarcoma entraps native lamellar bone as a confluent mass of cartilage.
 
674	 Chondrosarcoma.  (A)  Nodules  of  hyaline  and  myxoid  cartilage  permeating  throughout  the  medullary  cavity,  growing  through  the  cortex,  and forming a relatively well-circumscribed soft tissue mass. (B) Conventional chondrosarcoma entraps native lamellar bone as a confluent mass of cartilage.
 
675	 Ewing  sarcoma  composed  of  sheets  of  small  round  cells  with small amounts of clear cytoplasm. 

676	Radiographically, giant cell tumor of the proximal fibula is pre-dominantly  lytic,  expansile  with  destruction  of  the  cortex.  A  pathologic fracture is also present. 

677	Giant cell tumor illustrating an abundance of multinucleated giant cells with background mononuclear stromal cells. 

678	(A) Coronal computed axial tomography scan showing eccentric aneurysmal bone cyst of tibia. The soft tissue component is delineated by a thin rim of reactive subperiosteal bone. (B) Axial magnetic resonance image demonstrating characteristic fluid-fluid levels (arrow). 

679	(A) Coronal computed axial tomography scan showing eccentric aneurysmal bone cyst of tibia. The soft tissue component is delineated by a thin rim of reactive subperiosteal bone. (B) Axial magnetic resonance image demonstrating characteristic fluid-fluid levels (arrow). 

680	Aneurysmal bone cyst with blood-filled cystic space surrounded by  a  fibrous  wall  containing  proliferating  fibroblasts,  reactive  woven  bone, and osteoclast-type giant cells. 

681	Nonossifying fibroma of the distal tibia metaphysis producing an eccentric lobulated radiolucency surrounded by a sclerotic margin. 

682	Fibrous dysplasia composed of curvilinear trabeculae of woven bone that lack conspicuous osteoblastic rimming and arise in a background of fibrous tissue. 

683	Storiform pattern created by benign spindle cells with scattered osteoclast-type giant cells characteristic of a fibrous cortical defect. 

684	Osteoarthritis. (A) Histologic demonstration of the characteristic fibrillation of the articular cartilage. (B) Eburnated articular surface exposing subchondral bone (1), subchondral cyst (2), and residual articular cartilage (3). 

685	Osteoarthritis. (A) Histologic demonstration of the characteristic fibrillation of the articular cartilage. (B) Eburnated articular surface exposing subchondral bone (1), subchondral cyst (2), and residual articular cartilage (3). 

686	Severe osteoarthritis of the hip. The joint space is narrowed, and there  is  subchondral  sclerosis  with  scattered  oval  radiolucent  cysts  and peripheral osteophyte lipping (arrows). 

687	Rheumatoid arthritis. (A) Schematic view of the joint lesion. (B) Low magnification shows marked synovial hypertrophy with formation of villi. (C) At higher magnification, subsynovial tissue containing a dense lymphoid aggregate. 

688	Rheumatoid arthritis. (A) Schematic view of the joint lesion. (B) Low magnification shows marked synovial hypertrophy with formation of villi. (C) At higher magnification, subsynovial tissue containing a dense lymphoid aggregate.

689	 Rheumatoid  nodule  composed  of  central  necrosis  rimmed  by palisaded histiocytes. 

690	Rheumatoid arthritis of the hand. Characteristic features include diffuse osteopenia, marked loss of the joint spaces of the carpal, metacarpal, phalangeal, and interphalangeal joints, periarticular bony erosions, and ulnar drift of the fingers. 

691	Gout. (A) Amputated great toe with white tophi involving the joint  and  soft  tissues.  (B)  Gouty  tophus-an  aggregate  of  dissolved  urate crystals  is  surrounded  by  reactive  fibroblasts,  mononuclear  inflammatory cells,  and  giant  cells.  (C)  Urate  crystals  are  needle  shaped  and  negatively birefringent under polarized light. 

692	Gout. (A) Amputated great toe with white tophi involving the joint  and  soft  tissues.  (B)  Gouty  tophus-an  aggregate  of  dissolved  urate crystals  is  surrounded  by  reactive  fibroblasts,  mononuclear  inflammatory cells,  and  giant  cells.  (C)  Urate  crystals  are  needle  shaped  and  negatively birefringent under polarized light. 

693	Gout. (A) Amputated great toe with white tophi involving the joint  and  soft  tissues.  (B)  Gouty  tophus-an  aggregate  of  dissolved  urate crystals  is  surrounded  by  reactive  fibroblasts,  mononuclear  inflammatory cells,  and  giant  cells.  (C)  Urate  crystals  are  needle  shaped  and  negatively birefringent under polarized light. 

694	Pseudogout. (A) Deposits are present in cartilage and consist of amorphous basophilic material. (B) Smear preparation of calcium pyrophos-phate crystals. 

695	Pseudogout. (A) Deposits are present in cartilage and consist of amorphous basophilic material. (B) Smear preparation of calcium pyrophos-phate crystals. 

696	Tenosynovial giant cell tumor, diffuse type. (A) Excised synovium with fronds and nodules typical of pigmented villonodular synovitis. (B) Sheets of proliferating cells in tenosynovial giant cell tumor bulging the synovial lining. 

697	Tenosynovial giant cell tumor, diffuse type. (A) Excised synovium with fronds and nodules typical of pigmented villonodular synovitis. (B) Sheets of proliferating cells in tenosynovial giant cell tumor bulging the synovial lining. 

698	Liposarcoma. (A) The well-differentiated subtype consists of mature adipocytes and scattered spindle cells with hyperchromatic nuclei. (B) Myxoid liposarcoma with abundant ground substance and a rich capillary network in which there are scattered immature adipocytes and more primitive round-to-stellate cells. 

699	Liposarcoma. (A) The well-differentiated subtype consists of mature adipocytes and scattered spindle cells with hyperchromatic nuclei. (B) Myxoid liposarcoma with abundant ground substance and a rich capillary network in which there are scattered immature adipocytes and more primitive round-to-stellate cells. 

700	 Nodular  fasciitis  with  plump,  randomly  oriented  spindle  cells surrounded by myxoid stroma. Note the mitotic activity (arrowheads). 

701	Deep fibromatosis infiltrating between skeletal muscle cells. 

702	Rhabdomyosarcoma. (A) Embryonal subtype composed of malignant  cells  ranging  from  primitive  and  round  to  densely  eosinophilic  with skeletal muscle differentiation. (B) Alveolar rhabdomyosarcoma with numerous spaces lined by discohesive, uniform round tumor cells. 

703	Rhabdomyosarcoma. (A) Embryonal subtype composed of malignant  cells  ranging  from  primitive  and  round  to  densely  eosinophilic  with skeletal muscle differentiation. (B) Alveolar rhabdomyosarcoma with numerous spaces lined by discohesive, uniform round tumor cells. 

704	 Synovial  sarcoma  showing  the  classic  biphasic  spindle  cell  and glandlike histologic appearance. 

705	Undifferentiated pleomorphic sarcoma showing anaplastic spindled to polygonal cells. 

706	Patterns of peripheral nerve damage. (A) In normal motor units, type I and type II myofibers (see Table 22.2 later) are arranged in a "checkerboard" distribution. The internodes, separated by nodes of Ranvier (arrows) along the motor axons are uniform in thickness and length. (B) Acute axonal injury (upper axon) results in degeneration of the distal axon and its associated myelin sheath, with atrophy of denervated myofibers. By contrast, acute demyelinating disease (lower axon) produces random segmental degeneration of individual myelin internodes, while sparing the axon. (C) Regeneration of axons after injury (upper axon) allows connections with myofibers to re-form. The regenerated axon is myelinated by proliferating Schwann cells, but the new internodes are shorter and the myelin sheaths are thinner than the original ones. (Nodes Ranvier are marked by arrows; compare with panel A.) Remission of demyelinating disease (lower axon) allows remyelination to take place, but the new internodes also are shorter and have thinner myelin sheaths than flanking normal undamaged internodes. 

707	Pathologic changes in peripheral neuropathies. (A) Regeneration after segmental demyelination. Teased fiber preparations allow for examination of individual axons of peripheral nerves. A normal axon (left) with a long thick dark myelin internode flanked by nodes of Ranvier. All myelin internodes along his axon would be expected to be of similar length and width. The right axon, by contrast, shows a segment surrounded by a series of thinly myelinated internodes of uneven length flanked on both ends by normal thicker myelin internodes. (B-C) Vasculitic neuropathy. In (B), the perineurial connective tissue contains an inflammatory infiltrate around small blood vessels that has obliterated a vessel. In (C), a special stain that colors myelinated axons dark blue hue shows that the nerve fascicle in the upper portion of this field (asterisk) has lost almost all of its large myelinated axons, in contrast with the other fascicle shown. Such interfascicular variation in axonal density is often seen in neuropathies resulting from vascular injury. 

708	Pathologic changes in peripheral neuropathies. (A) Regeneration after segmental demyelination. Teased fiber preparations allow for examination of individual axons of peripheral nerves. A normal axon (left) with a long thick dark myelin internode flanked by nodes of Ranvier. All myelin internodes along his axon would be expected to be of similar length and width. The right axon, by contrast, shows a segment surrounded by a series of thinly myelinated internodes of uneven length flanked on both ends by normal thicker myelin internodes. (B-C) Vasculitic neuropathy. In (B), the perineurial connective tissue contains an inflammatory infiltrate around small blood vessels that has obliterated a vessel. In (C), a special stain that colors myelinated axons dark blue hue shows that the nerve fascicle in the upper portion of this field (asterisk) has lost almost all of its large myelinated axons, in contrast with the other fascicle shown. Such interfascicular variation in axonal density is often seen in neuropathies resulting from vascular injury. 

709	Pathologic changes in peripheral neuropathies. (A) Regeneration after segmental demyelination. Teased fiber preparations allow for examination of individual axons of peripheral nerves. A normal axon (left) with a long thick dark myelin internode flanked by nodes of Ranvier. All myelin internodes along his axon would be expected to be of similar length and width. The right axon, by contrast, shows a segment surrounded by a series of thinly myelinated internodes of uneven length flanked on both ends by normal thicker myelin internodes. (B-C) Vasculitic neuropathy. In (B), the perineurial connective tissue contains an inflammatory infiltrate around small blood vessels that has obliterated a vessel. In (C), a special stain that colors myelinated axons dark blue hue shows that the nerve fascicle in the upper portion of this field (asterisk) has lost almost all of its large myelinated axons, in contrast with the other fascicle shown. Such interfascicular variation in axonal density is often seen in neuropathies resulting from vascular injury. 

710	 The  dystrophin-glycoprotein  complex  (DGC). This  complex  of glycoproteins  serves  to  couple  the  cell  membrane  (the  sarcolemma)  to extracellular matrix proteins such as laminin-2 and the intracellular cytoskeleton. A key set of connections is made by dystrophin, a scaffolding protein that tethers the myofibrillar cytoskeleton to the transmembrane dystrogly-cans and sarcoglycans, and also binds signaling complexes containing dystro-brevin,  syntrophin,  neuronal  nitric  oxide  synthetase  (nNOS),  and  caveolin. Mutations in dystrophin are associated with X-linked Duchenne and Becker muscular  dystrophies;  mutations  in  caveolin  and  the  sarcoglycan  proteins with  autosomal  limb-girdle  muscular  dystrophies;  and  mutations  in  alpha2-laminin (merosin) with a form of congenital muscular dystrophy. 

711	Patterns of skeletal muscle injury. (A) Normal skeletal muscle has relatively uniform polygonal myofibers with peripherally placed nuclei that are tightly packed together into fascicles separated by scant connective tissue. A perimysial interfascicular septum containing a blood vessel is present (top center). (B) Myopathic conditions often are associated with segmental necrosis and regeneration of individual myofibers. Necrotic cells (B1-B3) are infiltrated by variable numbers of inflammatory cells. Regenerative myofibers (B4, arrow) are characterized by cytoplasmic basophilia and enlarged nucleoli (not visible at this power). (C) Neurogenic changes. (C1) This diagrammatic representation of four normal motor units shows a checkerboard-type admixture of light and dark stained fibers of opposite type. (C2) Damage to innervating axons leads to a loss of trophic input and the atrophy of myofibers. (C3) Reinnervation of myofibers can result in a switch in fiber type and segregation of fibers of like type. As illustrated here, reinnervation is also often associated with an increase in motor unit size, with more myofibers innervated by an individual axon. (C4) Normal muscle has a checkerboard distribution of type I (light) and type II (dark) fibers on this ATPase reaction (pH9.4), corresponding to findings in (A). (C5) Clustered flattened "angulated" atrophic fibers (grouped atrophy) are a typical finding associated with disrupted innervation. (C6) With ongoing denervation and reinnervation, large clusters of fibers appear that all share the same fiber type (fiber type grouping). 

712	Patterns of skeletal muscle injury. (A) Normal skeletal muscle has relatively uniform polygonal myofibers with peripherally placed nuclei that are tightly packed together into fascicles separated by scant connective tissue. A perimysial interfascicular septum containing a blood vessel is present (top center). (B) Myopathic conditions often are associated with segmental necrosis and regeneration of individual myofibers. Necrotic cells (B1-B3) are infiltrated by variable numbers of inflammatory cells. Regenerative myofibers (B4, arrow) are characterized by cytoplasmic basophilia and enlarged nucleoli (not visible at this power). (C) Neurogenic changes. (C1) This diagrammatic representation of four normal motor units shows a checkerboard-type admixture of light and dark stained fibers of opposite type. (C2) Damage to innervating axons leads to a loss of trophic input and the atrophy of myofibers. (C3) Reinnervation of myofibers can result in a switch in fiber type and segregation of fibers of like type. As illustrated here, reinnervation is also often associated with an increase in motor unit size, with more myofibers innervated by an individual axon. (C4) Normal muscle has a checkerboard distribution of type I (light) and type II (dark) fibers on this ATPase reaction (pH9.4), corresponding to findings in (A). (C5) Clustered flattened "angulated" atrophic fibers (grouped atrophy) are a typical finding associated with disrupted innervation. (C6) With ongoing denervation and reinnervation, large clusters of fibers appear that all share the same fiber type (fiber type grouping). 

713	Patterns of skeletal muscle injury. (A) Normal skeletal muscle has relatively uniform polygonal myofibers with peripherally placed nuclei that are tightly packed together into fascicles separated by scant connective tissue. A perimysial interfascicular septum containing a blood vessel is present (top center). (B) Myopathic conditions often are associated with segmental necrosis and regeneration of individual myofibers. Necrotic cells (B1-B3) are infiltrated by variable numbers of inflammatory cells. Regenerative myofibers (B4, arrow) are characterized by cytoplasmic basophilia and enlarged nucleoli (not visible at this power). (C) Neurogenic changes. (C1) This diagrammatic representation of four normal motor units shows a checkerboard-type admixture of light and dark stained fibers of opposite type. (C2) Damage to innervating axons leads to a loss of trophic input and the atrophy of myofibers. (C3) Reinnervation of myofibers can result in a switch in fiber type and segregation of fibers of like type. As illustrated here, reinnervation is also often associated with an increase in motor unit size, with more myofibers innervated by an individual axon. (C4) Normal muscle has a checkerboard distribution of type I (light) and type II (dark) fibers on this ATPase reaction (pH9.4), corresponding to findings in (A). (C5) Clustered flattened "angulated" atrophic fibers (grouped atrophy) are a typical finding associated with disrupted innervation. (C6) With ongoing denervation and reinnervation, large clusters of fibers appear that all share the same fiber type (fiber type grouping). 

714	Patterns of skeletal muscle injury. (A) Normal skeletal muscle has relatively uniform polygonal myofibers with peripherally placed nuclei that are tightly packed together into fascicles separated by scant connective tissue. A perimysial interfascicular septum containing a blood vessel is present (top center). (B) Myopathic conditions often are associated with segmental necrosis and regeneration of individual myofibers. Necrotic cells (B1-B3) are infiltrated by variable numbers of inflammatory cells. Regenerative myofibers (B4, arrow) are characterized by cytoplasmic basophilia and enlarged nucleoli (not visible at this power). (C) Neurogenic changes. (C1) This diagrammatic representation of four normal motor units shows a checkerboard-type admixture of light and dark stained fibers of opposite type. (C2) Damage to innervating axons leads to a loss of trophic input and the atrophy of myofibers. (C3) Reinnervation of myofibers can result in a switch in fiber type and segregation of fibers of like type. As illustrated here, reinnervation is also often associated with an increase in motor unit size, with more myofibers innervated by an individual axon. (C4) Normal muscle has a checkerboard distribution of type I (light) and type II (dark) fibers on this ATPase reaction (pH9.4), corresponding to findings in (A). (C5) Clustered flattened "angulated" atrophic fibers (grouped atrophy) are a typical finding associated with disrupted innervation. (C6) With ongoing denervation and reinnervation, large clusters of fibers appear that all share the same fiber type (fiber type grouping). 

715	Patterns of skeletal muscle injury. (A) Normal skeletal muscle has relatively uniform polygonal myofibers with peripherally placed nuclei that are tightly packed together into fascicles separated by scant connective tissue. A perimysial interfascicular septum containing a blood vessel is present (top center). (B) Myopathic conditions often are associated with segmental necrosis and regeneration of individual myofibers. Necrotic cells (B1-B3) are infiltrated by variable numbers of inflammatory cells. Regenerative myofibers (B4, arrow) are characterized by cytoplasmic basophilia and enlarged nucleoli (not visible at this power). (C) Neurogenic changes. (C1) This diagrammatic representation of four normal motor units shows a checkerboard-type admixture of light and dark stained fibers of opposite type. (C2) Damage to innervating axons leads to a loss of trophic input and the atrophy of myofibers. (C3) Reinnervation of myofibers can result in a switch in fiber type and segregation of fibers of like type. As illustrated here, reinnervation is also often associated with an increase in motor unit size, with more myofibers innervated by an individual axon. (C4) Normal muscle has a checkerboard distribution of type I (light) and type II (dark) fibers on this ATPase reaction (pH9.4), corresponding to findings in (A). (C5) Clustered flattened "angulated" atrophic fibers (grouped atrophy) are a typical finding associated with disrupted innervation. (C6) With ongoing denervation and reinnervation, large clusters of fibers appear that all share the same fiber type (fiber type grouping). 

716	 Duchenne  muscular  dystrophy.  Histologic  images  of  muscle  biopsy  specimens  from  two  brothers.  (A-B)  Specimens  from  a  3-year-old  boy.  (C) Specimen from his brother, 9 years of age. As seen in (A), at a younger age fascicular muscle architecture is maintained, but myofibers show variation in size. Additionally, there is a cluster of basophilic regenerating myofibers (left side) and slight endomysial fibrosis, seen as focal pink-staining connective tissue between myofibers. In (B), immunohistochemical staining shows a complete absence of membrane-associated dystrophin, seen as a brown stain in normal muscle (inset). In  (C),  the  biopsy  from  the  older  brother  illustrates  disease  progression,  which  is  marked  by  extensive  variation  in  myofiber  size,  fatty  replacement,  and endomysial fibrosis. 

717	Inflammatory myopathies. (A) Polymyositis is characterized by endomysial inflammatory infiltrates and myofiber necrosis (arrow). (B) Dermatomyositis often shows prominent perifascicular and paraseptal atrophy. (C) Inclusion body myositis, showing myofibers containing rimmed vacuoles (arrows). Modified Gomori trichrome stain. 

718	Schwannoma and plexiform neurofibroma. (A-B) Schwannoma. As seen in (A), schwannomas often contain dense pink Antoni A areas (left) and loose, pale Antoni B areas (right), as well as hyalinized blood vessels (right). (B) Antoni A area with the nuclei of tumor cells aligned in palisading rows. (C-D) Plexiform neurofibroma. Multiple nerve fascicles are expanded by infiltrating tumor cells (C), which at higher power (D) are seen to consist of bland spindle cells admixed with wavy collagen bundles likened to carrot shavings. 

719	Schwannoma and plexiform neurofibroma. (A-B) Schwannoma. As seen in (A), schwannomas often contain dense pink Antoni A areas (left) and loose, pale Antoni B areas (right), as well as hyalinized blood vessels (right). (B) Antoni A area with the nuclei of tumor cells aligned in palisading rows. (C-D) Plexiform neurofibroma. Multiple nerve fascicles are expanded by infiltrating tumor cells (C), which at higher power (D) are seen to consist of bland spindle cells admixed with wavy collagen bundles likened to carrot shavings. 

720	Schwannoma and plexiform neurofibroma. (A-B) Schwannoma. As seen in (A), schwannomas often contain dense pink Antoni A areas (left) and loose, pale Antoni B areas (right), as well as hyalinized blood vessels (right). (B) Antoni A area with the nuclei of tumor cells aligned in palisading rows. (C-D) Plexiform neurofibroma. Multiple nerve fascicles are expanded by infiltrating tumor cells (C), which at higher power (D) are seen to consist of bland spindle cells admixed with wavy collagen bundles likened to carrot shavings. 

721	Schwannoma and plexiform neurofibroma. (A-B) Schwannoma. As seen in (A), schwannomas often contain dense pink Antoni A areas (left) and loose, pale Antoni B areas (right), as well as hyalinized blood vessels (right). (B) Antoni A area with the nuclei of tumor cells aligned in palisading rows. (C-D) Plexiform neurofibroma. Multiple nerve fascicles are expanded by infiltrating tumor cells (C), which at higher power (D) are seen to consist of bland spindle cells admixed with wavy collagen bundles likened to carrot shavings. 

722	Patterns of neuronal injury. (A) Acute hypoxic-ischemic injury in the cerebral cortex. The cell bodies are shrunken and eosinophilic ("red neurons"), and the nuclei are pyknotic. (B) Reactive astrocytes, with eosinophilic cytoplasm and multiple radiating processes. (C) Collection of microglial cells forming a poorly defined nodule, a common finding in viral infections. 

723	Patterns of neuronal injury. (A) Acute hypoxic-ischemic injury in the cerebral cortex. The cell bodies are shrunken and eosinophilic ("red neurons"), and the nuclei are pyknotic. (B) Reactive astrocytes, with eosinophilic cytoplasm and multiple radiating processes. (C) Collection of microglial cells forming a poorly defined nodule, a common finding in viral infections. 

724	Patterns of neuronal injury. (A) Acute hypoxic-ischemic injury in the cerebral cortex. The cell bodies are shrunken and eosinophilic ("red neurons"), and the nuclei are pyknotic. (B) Reactive astrocytes, with eosinophilic cytoplasm and multiple radiating processes. (C) Collection of microglial cells forming a poorly defined nodule, a common finding in viral infections. 

725	Hydrocephalus. Dilated lateral ventricles seen in a coronal section through the mid-thalamus. 

726	Cerebral edema. The surfaces of the gyri are flattened as a result of compression of the expanding brain by the dura mater and inner surface of the skull. Such changes are associated with a dangerous increase in intra-cranial pressure. 

727	Duret hemorrhage. As mass effect displaces the brain downward, there  is  disruption  of  the  vessels  that  enter  the  pons  along  the  midline, leading to hemorrhage. 

728	Cerebral infarction. (A) Infiltration of a cerebral infarction by neutrophils begins at the edges of the lesion, where the vascular supply is intact. (B) By day 10, an area of infarction shows the presence of macrophages and surrounding reactive gliosis. (C) Old intracortical infarcts are seen as areas of tissue loss and residual gliosis. 

729	Cerebral infarction. (A) Infiltration of a cerebral infarction by neutrophils begins at the edges of the lesion, where the vascular supply is intact. (B) By day 10, an area of infarction shows the presence of macrophages and surrounding reactive gliosis. (C) Old intracortical infarcts are seen as areas of tissue loss and residual gliosis. 

730	Cerebral infarction. (A) Infiltration of a cerebral infarction by neutrophils begins at the edges of the lesion, where the vascular supply is intact. (B) By day 10, an area of infarction shows the presence of macrophages and surrounding reactive gliosis. (C) Old intracortical infarcts are seen as areas of tissue loss and residual gliosis. 

731	 Cerebral  infarction.  (A)  Section  of  the  brain  showing  a  large, discolored,  focally  hemorrhagic  region  in  the  left  middle  cerebral  artery distribution  (hemorrhagic,  or  red,  infarction).  (B) An  infarct  with  punctate hemorrhages, consistent with ischemia-reperfusion injury, is present in the temporal lobe. (C) Old cystic infarct shows destruction of cortex and surrounding gliosis. 

732	 Cerebral  infarction.  (A)  Section  of  the  brain  showing  a  large, discolored,  focally  hemorrhagic  region  in  the  left  middle  cerebral  artery distribution  (hemorrhagic,  or  red,  infarction).  (B) An  infarct  with  punctate hemorrhages, consistent with ischemia-reperfusion injury, is present in the temporal lobe. (C) Old cystic infarct shows destruction of cortex and surrounding gliosis. 

733	 Cerebral  infarction.  (A)  Section  of  the  brain  showing  a  large, discolored,  focally  hemorrhagic  region  in  the  left  middle  cerebral  artery distribution  (hemorrhagic,  or  red,  infarction).  (B) An  infarct  with  punctate hemorrhages, consistent with ischemia-reperfusion injury, is present in the temporal lobe. (C) Old cystic infarct shows destruction of cortex and surrounding gliosis. 

734	Cerebral hemorrhage. Massive hypertensive hemorrhage rupturing into a lateral ventricle. 

735	 Saccular aneurysms. (A) View of the base of the brain, dissected to show the circle of Willis with an aneurysm of the anterior cerebral artery (arrow). (B) The circle of Willis is dissected to show a large aneurysm. (C) Section through a saccular aneurysm showing the hyalinized fibrous vessel wall. Hematoxylin-eosin stain. 

736	 Saccular aneurysms. (A) View of the base of the brain, dissected to show the circle of Willis with an aneurysm of the anterior cerebral artery (arrow). (B) The circle of Willis is dissected to show a large aneurysm. (C) Section through a saccular aneurysm showing the hyalinized fibrous vessel wall. Hematoxylin-eosin stain. 

737	 Saccular aneurysms. (A) View of the base of the brain, dissected to show the circle of Willis with an aneurysm of the anterior cerebral artery (arrow). (B) The circle of Willis is dissected to show a large aneurysm. (C) Section through a saccular aneurysm showing the hyalinized fibrous vessel wall. Hematoxylin-eosin stain. 

738	 Arteriovenous malformation. 

739	  Cerebral  trauma.  (A)  Acute  contusions  are  present  in  both temporal lobes, with areas of hemorrhage and tissue disruption. (B) Remote contusions,  seen  as  discolored  yellow  areas,  are  present  on  the  inferior frontal surface of this brain. 

740	  Cerebral  trauma.  (A)  Acute  contusions  are  present  in  both temporal lobes, with areas of hemorrhage and tissue disruption. (B) Remote contusions,  seen  as  discolored  yellow  areas,  are  present  on  the  inferior frontal surface of this brain. 

741	 Traumatic intracranial hemorrhages. (A) Epidural hematoma (left) in which rupture of a meningeal artery, usually associated with a skull fracture, has led to accumulation of arterial blood between the dura and the skull. In a subdural hematoma (right), damage to bridging veins between the brain and the superior sagittal sinus has led to the accumulation of blood between the the two layers of dura. (B) Epidural hematoma covering a portion of the dura. (C)  Large  organizing  subdural  hematoma  attached  to  the  dura.  

742	 Traumatic intracranial hemorrhages. (A) Epidural hematoma (left) in which rupture of a meningeal artery, usually associated with a skull fracture, has led to accumulation of arterial blood between the dura and the skull. In a subdural hematoma (right), damage to bridging veins between the brain and the superior sagittal sinus has led to the accumulation of blood between the the two layers of dura. (B) Epidural hematoma covering a portion of the dura. (C)  Large  organizing  subdural  hematoma  attached  to  the  dura.

743	 Myelomeningocele. Both meninges and spinal cord parenchyma are included in the cystlike structure visible just above the buttocks. 

744	 Perinatal brain injury. This specimen from a patient with periventricular leukomalacia contains a central focus of white matter necrosis with a peripheral rim of mineralized axonal processes. 

745	  Bacterial  infections.  (A)  Pyogenic  meningitis. A  thick  layer  of suppurative exudate covers the brain stem and cerebellum and thickens the leptomeninges.  (B)  Cerebral  abscesses  in  the  frontal  lobe  white  matter (arrows). 

746	  Bacterial  infections.  (A)  Pyogenic  meningitis. A  thick  layer  of suppurative exudate covers the brain stem and cerebellum and thickens the leptomeninges.  (B)  Cerebral  abscesses  in  the  frontal  lobe  white  matter (arrows). 

747	 Cryptococcal infection. (A) Whole-brain section showing the numerous areas of tissue destruction associated with the spread of organisms in the perivascular spaces. (B) At higher magnification, it is possible to see the cryptococci in the lesions. 

748	 Cryptococcal infection. (A) Whole-brain section showing the numerous areas of tissue destruction associated with the spread of organisms in the perivascular spaces. (B) At higher magnification, it is possible to see the cryptococci in the lesions. 

749	 Viral infections. (A and B) Characteristic findings in many forms of viral meningitis include perivascular cuffing of lymphocytes (A) and microglial nodules (B). (C) Herpes encephalitis showing extensive destruction of inferior frontal and anterior temporal lobes. (D) Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) encephalitis. Note the accumulation of microglia forming a microglial nodule and multinucleate giant cell. 

750	 Viral infections. (A and B) Characteristic findings in many forms of viral meningitis include perivascular cuffing of lymphocytes (A) and microglial nodules (B). (C) Herpes encephalitis showing extensive destruction of inferior frontal and anterior temporal lobes. (D) Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) encephalitis. Note the accumulation of microglia forming a microglial nodule and multinucleate giant cell. 

751	 Viral infections. (A and B) Characteristic findings in many forms of viral meningitis include perivascular cuffing of lymphocytes (A) and microglial nodules (B). (C) Herpes encephalitis showing extensive destruction of inferior frontal and anterior temporal lobes. (D) Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) encephalitis. Note the accumulation of microglia forming a microglial nodule and multinucleate giant cell. 

752	 Viral infections. (A and B) Characteristic findings in many forms of viral meningitis include perivascular cuffing of lymphocytes (A) and microglial nodules (B). (C) Herpes encephalitis showing extensive destruction of inferior frontal and anterior temporal lobes. (D) Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) encephalitis. Note the accumulation of microglia forming a microglial nodule and multinucleate giant cell. 

753	 Progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy. (A) Section stained for  myelin  showing  irregular,  poorly  defined  areas  of  demyelination,  which become confluent in places. (B) Enlarged oligodendrocyte nuclei stained for viral antigens surround an area of early myelin loss. 

754	 Progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy. (A) Section stained for  myelin  showing  irregular,  poorly  defined  areas  of  demyelination,  which become confluent in places. (B) Enlarged oligodendrocyte nuclei stained for viral antigens surround an area of early myelin loss. 

755	 Toxoplasma infection. (A) Abscesses are present in the putamen and thalamus. (B) Free tachyzoites are demonstrated by immunohistochemical staining. Inset, Bradyzoites are present as a pseudocyst, again highlighted by immunohistochemical staining. 

756	 Toxoplasma infection. (A) Abscesses are present in the putamen and thalamus. (B) Free tachyzoites are demonstrated by immunohistochemical staining. Inset, Bradyzoites are present as a pseudocyst, again highlighted by immunohistochemical staining. 

757	 Prion disease. (A) Histologic features of Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (CJD) include spongiform change in the cerebral cortex. Inset, High magnifica-tion of a neuron with vacuoles. (B) Variant CJD (vCJD) is characterized by amyloid plaques (inset) that sit in the regions of greatest spongiform change. 

758	 Prion disease. (A) Histologic features of Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (CJD) include spongiform change in the cerebral cortex. Inset, High magnifica-tion of a neuron with vacuoles. (B) Variant CJD (vCJD) is characterized by amyloid plaques (inset) that sit in the regions of greatest spongiform change. 

759	 Prion disease. (A) Histologic features of Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (CJD) include spongiform change in the cerebral cortex. Inset, High magnification of a neuron with vacuoles. (B) Variant CJD (vCJD) is characterized by amyloid plaques (inset) that sit in the regions of greatest spongiform change. 

760	  Multiple  sclerosis  (MS).  (A)  Section  of  fresh  brain  showing  a plaque around occipital horn of the lateral ventricle. (B) Unstained regions of demyelination (MS plaques) around the fourth ventricle. Luxol fast blue-periodic acid-Schiff stain for myelin. 

761	  Multiple  sclerosis  (MS).  (A)  Section  of  fresh  brain  showing  a plaque around occipital horn of the lateral ventricle. (B) Unstained regions of demyelination (MS plaques) around the fourth ventricle. Luxol fast blue-periodic acid-Schiff stain for myelin. 

762	 Alzheimer disease. (A) Plaques (arrow) contain a central core of amyloid and a surrounding region of dystrophic neurites (Bielschowsky stain). (B) Immunohistochemical stain for Abeta. Peptide is present in the core of the plaques as well as in the surrounding region. (C) Neurons containing tangles stained with an antibody specific for tau. 

763	 Alzheimer disease. (A) Plaques (arrow) contain a central core of amyloid and a surrounding region of dystrophic neurites (Bielschowsky stain). (B) Immunohistochemical stain for Abeta. Peptide is present in the core of the plaques as well as in the surrounding region. (C) Neurons containing tangles stained with an antibody specific for tau. 

764	 Alzheimer disease. (A) Plaques (arrow) contain a central core of amyloid and a surrounding region of dystrophic neurites (Bielschowsky stain). (B) Immunohistochemical stain for Abeta. Peptide is present in the core of the plaques as well as in the surrounding region. (C) Neurons containing tangles stained with an antibody specific for tau. 

765	 Frontotemporal lobar degeneration (FTLD). (A) Atrophy of the temporal cortex can be seen in comparison to the relative preservation of frontal cortex. (B) Severe neuronal loss and gliosis in the region of atrophy. (C) FTLD-tau. Cytoplasmic inclusions containing TDP43 are seen in association with loss of normal nuclear immunoreactivity. (D) FTLD-TDP. Some forms of FTLD are associated with neuronal intranuclear inclusions containing TDP43. 

766	 Frontotemporal lobar degeneration (FTLD). (A) Atrophy of the temporal cortex can be seen in comparison to the relative preservation of frontal cortex. (B) Severe neuronal loss and gliosis in the region of atrophy. (C) FTLD-tau. Cytoplasmic inclusions containing TDP43 are seen in association with loss of normal nuclear immunoreactivity. (D) FTLD-TDP. Some forms of FTLD are associated with neuronal intranuclear inclusions containing TDP43. 

767	 Frontotemporal lobar degeneration (FTLD). (A) Atrophy of the temporal cortex can be seen in comparison to the relative preservation of frontal cortex. (B) Severe neuronal loss and gliosis in the region of atrophy. (C) FTLD-tau. Cytoplasmic inclusions containing TDP43 are seen in association with loss of normal nuclear immunoreactivity. (D) FTLD-TDP. Some forms of FTLD are associated with neuronal intranuclear inclusions containing TDP43. 

768	 Frontotemporal lobar degeneration (FTLD). (A) Atrophy of the temporal cortex can be seen in comparison to the relative preservation of frontal cortex. (B) Severe neuronal loss and gliosis in the region of atrophy. (C) FTLD-tau. Cytoplasmic inclusions containing TDP43 are seen in association with loss of normal nuclear immunoreactivity. (D) FTLD-TDP. Some forms of FTLD are associated with neuronal intranuclear inclusions containing TDP43. 

769	 Parkinson disease. (A) Normal substantia nigra. (B) Depigmented substantia nigra in idiopathic Parkinson disease. (C) Lewy body in a neuron from the substantia nigra stains pink. 

770	 Parkinson disease. (A) Normal substantia nigra. (B) Depigmented substantia nigra in idiopathic Parkinson disease. (C) Lewy body in a neuron from the substantia nigra stains pink. 

771	 Parkinson disease. (A) Normal substantia nigra. (B) Depigmented substantia nigra in idiopathic Parkinson disease. (C) Lewy body in a neuron from the substantia nigra stains pink. 

772	 Huntington disease. Normal hemisphere (left) compared with a hemisphere with Huntington disease (right) showing atrophy of the striatum and ventricular dilation. Inset, An intranuclear inclusion in a cortical neuron is strongly immunoreactive for ubiquitin. 

773	 Diffuse astrocytomas. (A) Grade II astrocytoma is seen as expanded white matter of the left cerebral hemisphere and thickened corpus callosum and fornices. (B) Glioblastoma appearing as a necrotic, hemorrhagic, infiltrating mass. (C) Glioblastoma is a densely cellular tumor with necrosis and pseudo-palisading of tumor cell nuclei along the edge of the necrotic zone. 

774	 Diffuse astrocytomas. (A) Grade II astrocytoma is seen as expanded white matter of the left cerebral hemisphere and thickened corpus callosum and fornices. (B) Glioblastoma appearing as a necrotic, hemorrhagic, infiltrating mass. (C) Glioblastoma is a densely cellular tumor with necrosis and pseudo-palisading of tumor cell nuclei along the edge of the necrotic zone. 

775	 Diffuse astrocytomas. (A) Grade II astrocytoma is seen as expanded white matter of the left cerebral hemisphere and thickened corpus callosum and fornices. (B) Glioblastoma appearing as a necrotic, hemorrhagic, infiltrating mass. (C) Glioblastoma is a densely cellular tumor with necrosis and pseudo-palisading of tumor cell nuclei along the edge of the necrotic zone. 

776	 Microscopic appearance of ependymoma. 

777	 In oligodendroglioma, tumor cells have round nuclei, often with a clear cytoplasmic halo. Blood vessels in the background are thin and can form an interlacing pattern. 

778	 Medulloblastoma. (A) Sagittal section of a brain showing medulloblastoma involving the superior vermis of the cerebellum. (B) Microscopic appearance of medulloblastoma, showing mostly small, blue, primitive-appearing tumor cells. 

779	 Medulloblastoma. (A) Sagittal section of a brain showing medulloblastoma involving the superior vermis of the cerebellum. (B) Microscopic appear]ance of medulloblastoma, showing mostly small, blue, primitive-appearing tumor cells. 

780	 Meningioma. (A) Parasagittal multilobular meningioma attached to the dura with compression of underlying brain. (B) Meningioma with a whorled pattern of cell growth and psammoma bodies. 

781	 Meningioma. (A) Parasagittal multilobular meningioma attached to the dura with compression of underlying brain. (B) Meningioma with a whorled pattern of cell growth and psammoma bodies. 

782	 Metastatic melanoma. Metastatic lesions are distinguished grossly from most primary central nervous system tumors by their multicentricity and well-demarcated margins. The dark color of the tumor nodules in this specimen is due to the presence of melanin. 

783	Eczematous dermatitis. (A) Patterned erythema and scale stemming  from  a  nickel-induced  contact  dermatitis  produced  by  a  necklace.  (B)  Microscopically,  there  is  accumulation  of  fluid  (spongiosis)  between  epidermal cells, which may progress to frank blister formation. 

784	Eczematous dermatitis. (A) Patterned erythema and scale stemming  from  a  nickel-induced  contact  dermatitis  produced  by  a  necklace.  (B)  Microscopically,  there  is  accumulation  of  fluid  (spongiosis)  between  epidermal cells, which may progress to frank blister formation. 

785	Erythema multiforme. (A) Target like lesions consisting of a pale central blister or zone of epidermal necrosis surrounded by macular erythema. (B) Early lesions show lymphocytes along the dermoepidermal junction (interface dermatitis) associated with scattered apoptotic keratinocytes, marked by dark shrunken nuclei and eosinophilic cytoplasm. 

786	Erythema multiforme. (A) Target like lesions consisting of a pale central blister or zone of epidermal necrosis surrounded by macular erythema. (B) Early lesions show lymphocytes along the dermoepidermal junction (interface dermatitis) associated with scattered apoptotic keratinocytes, marked by dark shrunken nuclei and eosinophilic cytoplasm. 

787	Chronic psoriasis. (A) Erythematous psoriatic plaques covered by silvery-white scale. (B) Microscopic examination shows marked epidermal hyperplasia, downward extension of rete ridges (psoriasiform hyperplasia), and prominent parakeratotic scale with infiltrating neutrophils. 

788	Chronic psoriasis. (A) Erythematous psoriatic plaques covered by silvery-white scale. (B) Microscopic examination shows marked epidermal hyperplasia, downward extension of rete ridges (psoriasiform hyperplasia), and prominent parakeratotic scale with infiltrating neutrophils. 

789	Lichen planus. (A) Flat-topped pink-purple polygonal papule with white  lacelike  markings  referred  to  as  Wickham  striae.  (B)  Microscopic examination shows a bandlike infiltrate of lymphocytes along the dermoepidermal  junction,  hyperkeratosis,  hypergranulosis,  and  pointed  rete  ridges ("sawtoothing"), which results from chronic injury of the basal cell layer. 

790	Lichen planus. (A) Flat-topped pink-purple polygonal papule with white  lacelike  markings  referred  to  as  Wickham  striae.  (B)  Microscopic examination shows a bandlike infiltrate of lymphocytes along the dermoepidermal  junction,  hyperkeratosis,  hypergranulosis,  and  pointed  rete  ridges ("sawtoothing"), which results from chronic injury of the basal cell layer. 

791	Lichen simplex chronicus. Note the distinctive acanthosis, hyper-keratosis, and hypergranulosis. Superficial dermal fibrosis and vascular ectasia, both common features, also are present. 

792	Impetigo. A child's arm involved by a superficial bacterial infection showing the characteristic erythematous scablike lesions crusted with dried serum. 

793	 Verruca  vulgaris.  (A)  Multiple  warts,  with  characteristic  rough, pebble  like  surfaces.  (B)  Microscopically,  common  warts  contain  zones  of papillary  epidermal  proliferation  that  often  radiate  symmetrically  like  the points of a crown (top). Pallor or halos around nuclei, prominent keratohyalin granules,  and  related  cytopathic  changes  are  seen  at  higher  magnification (bottom). 

794	Levels of blister formation. (A) Subcorneal (as in pemphigus foliaceus). (B) Suprabasal (as in pemphigus vulgaris). (C) Subepidermal (as in bullous pemphigoid or dermatitis herpetiformis). 

795	Levels of blister formation. (A) Subcorneal (as in pemphigus foliaceus). (B) Suprabasal (as in pemphigus vulgaris). (C) Subepidermal (as in bullous pemphigoid or dermatitis herpetiformis). 

796	Levels of blister formation. (A) Subcorneal (as in pemphigus foliaceus). (B) Suprabasal (as in pemphigus vulgaris). (C) Subepidermal (as in bullous pemphigoid or dermatitis herpetiformis). 

797	Direct immunofluorescence findings in pemphigus. (A) Pemphigus vulgaris. Note the uniform deposition of immunoglobulin (green) along keratinocyte cell membranes in a characteristic "fishnet" pattern. (B) Pemphigus foliaceus. Immunoglobulin deposits are confined to superficial layers of the epidermis.
 
798	Direct immunofluorescence findings in pemphigus. (A) Pemphigus vulgaris. Note the uniform deposition of immunoglobulin (green) along keratinocyte cell membranes in a characteristic "fishnet" pattern. (B) Pemphigus foliaceus. Immunoglobulin deposits are confined to superficial layers of the epidermis.
 
799	  Pemphigus  vulgaris.  (A)  An  erosion  on  the  leg  arising  from coalescence of a group of "unroofed" blisters. (B) Suprabasal intraepidermal blister in which rounded, dissociated (acantholytic) keratinocytes are plentiful (inset). 

800	  Pemphigus  vulgaris.  (A)  An  erosion  on  the  leg  arising  from coalescence of a group of "unroofed" blisters. (B) Suprabasal intraepidermal blister in which rounded, dissociated (acantholytic) keratinocytes are plentiful (inset). 

801	 Pemphigus foliaceus. (A) A typical blister, which is more superficial than those seen in pemphigus vulgaris. (B) Microscopic appearance of a characteristic subcorneal blister. 

802	 Pemphigus foliaceus. (A) A typical blister, which is more superficial than those seen in pemphigus vulgaris. (B) Microscopic appearance of a characteristic subcorneal blister. 

803	 Bullous pemphigoid. (A) Deposition of IgG antibody (detected by  direct  immunofluorescence)  in  the  subepidermal  basement  membrane (epidermis is on the left side of the fluorescent band). (B) Gross appearance of characteristic tense, fluid-filled blisters. (C) Subepidermal vesicle with an eosinophil-rich  inflammatory  infiltrate.

804	 Bullous pemphigoid. (A) Deposition of IgG antibody (detected by  direct  immunofluorescence)  in  the  subepidermal  basement  membrane (epidermis is on the left side of the fluorescent band). (B) Gross appearance of characteristic tense, fluid-filled blisters. (C) Subepidermal vesicle with an eosinophil-rich  inflammatory  infiltrate.

805	 Bullous pemphigoid. (A) Deposition of IgG antibody (detected by  direct  immunofluorescence)  in  the  subepidermal  basement  membrane (epidermis is on the left side of the fluorescent band). (B) Gross appearance of characteristic tense, fluid-filled blisters. (C) Subepidermal vesicle with an eosinophil-rich  inflammatory  infiltrate.  

806	 Dermatitis herpetiformis. (A) Characteristic selective deposition of IgA autoantibody at the tips of the dermal papillae. (B) Lesions consist of intact and eroded (usually scratched) erythematous blisters, often grouped (seen here on elbows and arms). (C) Blisters associated with basal cell layer injury, initially caused by accumulation of neutrophils (microabscesses) at the tips of the dermal papillae.

807	 Dermatitis herpetiformis. (A) Characteristic selective deposition of IgA autoantibody at the tips of the dermal papillae. (B) Lesions consist of intact and eroded (usually scratched) erythematous blisters, often grouped (seen here on elbows and arms). (C) Blisters associated with basal cell layer injury, initially caused by accumulation of neutrophils (microabscesses) at the tips of the dermal papillae.

808	 Dermatitis herpetiformis. (A) Characteristic selective deposition of IgA autoantibody at the tips of the dermal papillae. (B) Lesions consist of intact and eroded (usually scratched) erythematous blisters, often grouped (seen here on elbows and arms). (C) Blisters associated with basal cell layer injury, initially caused by accumulation of neutrophils (microabscesses) at the tips of the dermal papillae.

809	 Seborrheic  keratosis. A  characteristic  roughened,  brown,  waxy lesion that appears to be "stuck on" the skin (inset). Microscopic examination shows an orderly proliferation of uniform, basaloid keratinocytes that tend to form keratin microcysts (horn cysts). 

810	 Actinic keratosis. (A) Red, rough (sandpaper-like) lesions owing to excessive scale are present on the cheek and nose. (B) Basal cell layer atypia (dysplasia) with epithelial buds associated with marked hyperkeratosis, parakeratosis, and dermal solar elastosis (asterisk). (C) Squamous cell carcinoma in situ lesion showing full-thickness epithelial atypia. 

811	 Actinic keratosis. (A) Red, rough (sandpaper-like) lesions owing to excessive scale are present on the cheek and nose. (B) Basal cell layer atypia (dysplasia) with epithelial buds associated with marked hyperkeratosis, parakeratosis, and dermal solar elastosis (asterisk). (C) Squamous cell carcinoma in situ lesion showing full-thickness epithelial atypia. 

812	 Actinic keratosis. (A) Red, rough (sandpaper-like) lesions owing to excessive scale are present on the cheek and nose. (B) Basal cell layer atypia (dysplasia) with epithelial buds associated with marked hyperkeratosis, parakeratosis, and dermal solar elastosis (asterisk). (C) Squamous cell carcinoma in situ lesion showing full-thickness epithelial atypia. 

813	 Invasive squamous cell carcinoma. (A) A nodular, hyperkeratotic lesion  occurring  on  the  ear,  associated  with  metastasis  to  a  prominent postauricular lymph node (arrow). (B) Tumor invades the dermal soft tissue as irregular projections of atypical squamous cells exhibiting acantholysis. 

814	 Invasive squamous cell carcinoma. (A) A nodular, hyperkeratotic lesion  occurring  on  the  ear,  associated  with  metastasis  to  a  prominent postauricular lymph node (arrow). (B) Tumor invades the dermal soft tissue as irregular projections of atypical squamous cells exhibiting acantholysis.
 
815	 Basal cell carcinoma. (A) A prototypical pearly, smooth-surfaced papule with telangiectatic vessels. (B) Tumor is composed of nests of basaloid cells infiltrating a fibrotic stroma. (C) Tumor cells with scant cytoplasm and small hyperchromatic nuclei that palisade on the outside of the nest. The cleft between the tumor cells and the stroma is a highly characteristic artifact of sectioning. 

816	 Melanocytic nevus. (A) Melanocytic nevi are relatively small, symmetric, and uniformly pigmented. (B) A nevus composed of melanocytes that lose pigmentation and become smaller and more dispersed as they extend into the dermis-all signs that speak to the benign nature of the proliferation. 

817	 Melanocytic nevus. (A) Melanocytic nevi are relatively small, symmetric, and uniformly pigmented. (B) A nevus composed of melanocytes that lose pigmentation and become smaller and more dispersed as they extend into the dermis-all signs that speak to the benign nature of the proliferation. 

818	 Dysplastic nevus. (A) Numerous irregular nevi on the back of a patient with dysplastic nevus syndrome. The lesions usually are greater than 5 mm in diameter and have irregular borders and variable pigmentation (inset). (B) Compound dysplastic nevus featuring a central dermal component and an asym-metric "shoulder" of exclusively junctional melanocytes (lentiginous hyperplasia). The former corresponds to the raised, more pigmented central zone seen in A (inset), and the latter corresponds to the less pigmented flat peripheral rim. (C) Other important features are cytologic atypia (irregular, dark-staining nuclei) and characteristic parallel bands of fibrosis. 

819	 Melanoma. (A) Lesions tend to be larger than nevi, with irregular contours and variable pigmentation. Macular areas indicate superficial (radial) growth, while elevated areas indicate dermal invasion (vertical growth). (B) Radial growth phase, with spread of nested and single melanoma cells within the epidermis. (C) Vertical growth phase, with nodular aggregates of infiltrating tumor cells within the dermis. (D) Melanoma cells with hyperchromatic irregular nuclei of varying size that have prominent nucleoli. An atypical mitotic figure is present in the center of the field). The inset shows a sentinel lymph node containing a tiny cluster of metastatic melanoma (arrow), detected by staining for the melanocytic marker HMB-45. 