0	This image shows a ruptured liver due to abdominal trauma.
1	This image shows peritoneal carcinomatosis, metastatic tumor covering all of the abdominal viscera.
2	This image shows hemorrhage secondary to ruptured aneurysm. Abdomen is present.
3	This image shows hemorrhage secondary to ruptured aneurysm. Abdomen is present.
4	This image shows hemorrhage secondary to ruptured aneurysm. Abdomen is present.
5	This image shows bowel in situ with diffuse thickening of peritoneal surfaces due to metastatic carcinoma Breast primary i think. Abdomen is present.
6	This image shows close-up of uterus and ovaries with metastatic carcinoma on peritoneal surface. Abdomen is present.
7	This image shows fixed tissue but color not bad portion of colon with metastatic carcinoma on peritoneal surface. Abdomen is present.
8	This image shows a whole body photo. Abdomen is present. Omphalocele is present.
9	This image shows fixed tissue. Abdomen is present. Omentum is present. Tuberculosis is present.
10	This image shows a photo taken during life large lesion. Abdomen is present. Omphalocele is present.
11	This image shows an opened peritoneal cavity cause by fibrous band strangulation see other slides. Abdomen is present. Subdiaphragmatic abscess is present.
12	This image shows opened peritoneum with fibrinopurulent peritonitis. Abdomen is present. Acute peritonitis is present.
13	This image shows fixed tissue typical appearance of tuberculous peritonitis except for color being off a bit. Abdomen is present.
14	This image shows opened abdomen in situ excellent example inflamed gut and yellow-green pus. Peritoneum is present. Acute peritonitis is present.
15	This image shows opened abdomen with large lesions typical. Peritoneum is present. Carcinomatosis is present.
16	This image shows opened abdominal cavity with atypically large lesions looking more like metastatic carcinoma. Peritoneum is present. Tuberculous peritonitis is present.
17	This image shows opened peritoneal cavity showing cecum and appendix on left side. Abdomen is present. Situs Inversus is present.
18	This image shows view of rectovesical pouch with obvious tumor nodules beneath peritoneum very good example. Abdomen is present. Metastatic carcinoma prostate is present.
19	This image shows opened abdominal cavity show typical carcinomatosis. Peritoneum is present. Carcinomatosis endometrium primary is present.
20	This image shows case of peritonitis slide illustrates pus from the peritoneal cavity. Abdomen is present. Pus in test tube is present.
21	This image shows intestines covered by fibrinopurulent membrane due to ruptured peptic ulcer. Abdomen is present. Peritoneum is present. Acute peritonitis is present.
22	This image shows opened abdominal cavity with massive tumor in omentum none apparent in liver nor over peritoneal surfaces gut is ischemic. Metastatic carcinoma is present.
23	This image shows opened abdomen with obvious large area of fat necrosis case of perforated ulcer with peritonitis which cannot be seen in this photo why all the fat necrosis is not clear. Omentum is present. Fat necrosis is present.
24	This image shows close-up view of metastatic lesions color not the best papillary serous adenocarcinoma of ovary. Abdomen is present. Peritoneum is present.
25	This image shows opened abdomen with ischemic appearing intestines bound by neoplastic adhesions good but not the best ovarian papillary adenocarcinoma. Abdomen is present. Peritoneum is present.
26	This image shows a very close-up view of typical gross lesions. Abdomen is present. Peritoneum is present. Tuberculous peritonitis is present.
27	This image shows massive node enlargement like a lymphoma. Abdomen is present. Mesentery is present. Acute lymphocytic leukemia is present.
28	This image shows opened abdominal cavity with extensive tumor implants on omentum and bowel. Peritoneum is present. Carcinomatosis is present.
29	This image shows rather close-up excellent depiction of lesions of tuberculous peritonitis. Abdomen is present.
30	This image shows opened muscle probably psoas natural color large ovoid typical sarcoma. Abdomen is present. Peritoneum is present. Retroperitoneal leiomyosarcoma is present.
31	This section showing liver with tumor mass in hilar area tumor shows cut surface with fish flesh appearance and extensive necrosis very good for illustrating appearance of a sarcoma. Abdomen is present. Retroperitoneum is present. Leiomyosarcoma is present.
32	This image shows opened abdomen showing tumor everywhere this also could be peritoneal carcinomatosis it looks the same. Mesothelioma is present.
33	This image shows close-up of liver with typical gray caseous looking material that can be seen with tuberculous peritonitis. this is cold abscess material very typical. Abdomen is present.
34	This image shows slices of liver and spleen typical tuberculous exudate is present on capsule of liver and spleen contains granulomata slide  is a close-up view of the typical cold abscess exudate on the liver surface. Abdomen is present. Peritoneum is present.
35	This image shows cut surface of lesion natural color typical appearance of a sarcoma fish flesh and yellow areas suggesting of liposarcoma which it was. Abdomen is present. Peritoneum is present. Retroperitoneal liposarcoma is present.
36	This image shows whole tumor with kidney and portion of jejunum resected surgically cut surface shows typical fish flesh and yellow sarcoma. Abdomen is present. Peritoneum is present. Retroperitoneal liposarcoma is present.
37	This image shows nodular tumor cut surface natural color yellow and white typical gross sarcoma. Abdomen is present. Peritoneum is present. Retroperitoneal liposarcoma is present.
38	This image shows nodular tumor sectioned to show cut surface kidney portion of jejunum shown in this surgically resected specimen excellent. Abdomen is present. Peritoneum is present. Retroperitoneal liposarcoma is present.
39	This image shows nodular mass with kidney seen on one side photo of little use without showing cut surface. Abdomen is present. Peritoneum is present. Retroperitoneal liposarcoma is present.
40	This image shows opened abdomen with neoplasm covering all surfaces. Abdomen is present. Peritoneum is present. Mesothelioma is present.
41	This image shows in situ natural color very good. Abdomen is present. Peritoneum is present. Carcinomatosis is present.
42	This image shows excellent opened abdomen with metastatic lesions everywhere. Abdomen is present. Peritoneum is present. Metastatic carcinoma is present.
43	This image shows in situ of abdomen excellent fibrinopurulent peritonitis. Acute peritonitis is present.
44	This image shows opened body cavity with necrotic bowel and heavy fibrin exudate. Abdomen is present. Peritoneum is present. Fibrinous peritonitis is present.
45	This image shows malignant cells mixed mesodermal tumor of uterus. Abdomen is present. Peritoneal fluid is present. Carcinoma is present.
46	This image shows adenocarcinoma from mixed mesodermal uterine tumor. Abdomen is present. Peritoneal fluid is present. Carcinoma is present.
47	This image shows liver with tuberculoid granuloma in glissons capsule quite good liver has marked fatty change. Abdomen is present. Peritoneum is present. Tuberculous peritonitis is present.
48	This image shows outstanding example of granuloma with langhans giant cell. Abdomen is present. Peritoneum is present. Tuberculosis is present.
49	This image shows outstanding example of a tubercular granuloma same as in slide  seen at low classical granuloma with langhans giant cell. Abdomen is present. Peritoneum is present. Tuberculosis is present.
50	This image shows acid fast stain numerous acid fast bacilli very good slide. Abdomen is present. Peritoneum is present. Tuberculosis is present.
51	This image shows meningococcemia, petechia on serosal surface of abdominal viscera. Abdomen is present.
52	This image shows pneumotosis intestinalis with rupture and hemorrhage in a patient with hyaline membrane disease.. Abdomen is present.
53	This image shows ascites. Abdomen is present.
54	This image shows ascites. Abdomen is present.
55	This image shows polyarteritis nodosa mesentaric artery arteriogram. Abdomen is present.
56	This image shows gram negative septicemia due to scalp electrode in a neonate.
57	This image shows gram negative septicemia due to scalp electrode in a neonate.
58	This image shows arm, lightning strike - ferning.
59	This image shows hand, gunshot entrance wound, intermediate range, powder burns (freckling).
60	This image shows head and face, severe trauma, contusion, lacerations, abrasions.
61	This image shows head and face, severe trauma, contusion, lacerations, abrasions.
62	This image shows severe trauma, contusion, lacerations, abrasions.
63	This image shows opened dysmorphic body with all organs except kidneys removed shows size of organs quite well and renal facies. Polycystic Disease Of Kidneys is present.
64	This image shows lateral view of body with renal facies no neck and a barely seen vascular mass extruding from occipital region of skull arms and legs appear too short has six digits. Polycystic Disease Of Kidneys is present.
65	This image shows skin over back a buttocks reflected to show large tumor mass. Sacrococcygeal Teratoma is present.
66	This image shows excised tumor. Sacrococcygeal Teratoma is present.
67	This image shows excised tumor mass. Sacrococcygeal Teratoma is present.
68	This image shows natural color advanced typical. Macerated Stillborn is present.
69	This image shows cross section of tumor. Sacrococcygeal Teratoma is present.
70	This image shows lateral view of body with grossly enlarged buttocks area i am guessing at diagnosis. Sacrococcygeal Teratoma is present.
71	This image shows whole body small fetus typical. Anencephaly is present.
72	This image shows posterior view to show open cord. Anencephaly is present.
73	This image shows posterior view open cord. Anencephaly is present.
74	This image shows mostly head in photo gory edema. Lymphangiomatosis is present.
75	This image shows posterior view of body lesions mostly in head neck and thorax. Lymphangiomatosis is present.
76	This image shows anterior view of whole body. Lymphangiomatosis is present.
77	This image shows severe maceration. Macerated Stillborn is present.
78	This image shows typical not advanced Macerated Stillborn.
79	This image shows external view of advanced state. Macerated Stillborn is present.
80	This image shows close-up view of posterior and lateral two loops around neck. Newborn Cord Around Neck is present.
81	This image shows macerated stillborn with two loops of cord around neck good photo.
82	This image shows close-up of two loops of umbilical cord around neck. Stillborn Cord Around Neck is present.
83	This image shows posterior view of whole body to buttocks. Anencephaly With Open Spine is present.
84	This image shows view of face and chest anterior. Anencephaly is present.
85	This image shows body burns 24 hours prior now anasarca.
86	This image shows typical appearance 980gm. Stillborn Macerated is present.
87	This image shows infant body opened showing cardiac apex to right, right liver lobe on left cecum on left gangrenous small bowel. Situs Inversus is present.
88	This image shows posterior view of typical case. Anencephaly is present.
89	This image shows lateral view of typical case. Anencephaly is present.
90	This image shows posterior view. Conjoined Twins Cephalothoracopagus Janiceps is present.
91	This image shows anterior view. Conjoined Twins Cephalothoracopagus Janiceps is present.
92	This image shows posterior view. Conjoined Twins Cephalothoracopagus Janiceps is present.
93	This image shows close-up view of head anterior view. Conjoined Twins Cephalothoracopagus Janiceps is present.
94	This image shows close-up view of one side of head. Conjoined Twins is present.
95	This image shows anterior lateral view of this monster. Conjoined Twins Cephalothoracopagus Janiceps is present.
96	This image shows newborn infant 24 week gestation weight gm typical grotesque appearance. Lymphangiomatosis Generalized is present.
97	This image shows posterior view of body slide. Lymphangiomatosis Generalized is present.
98	This image shows conjoined twins at head and chest. Cephalothoracopagus Janiceps is present.
99	This image shows conjoined twins at head and chest. this is the best photo to illustrate this case externally. Cephalothoracopagus Janiceps is present.
100	This image shows twins joined at head facing each other. Cephalothoracopagus Janiceps is present.
101	This image shows view of twin joined at head and chest. Cephalothoracopagus Janiceps is present.
102	This image shows lower extremities with increased muscle mass several other slides. Beckwith-Wiedemann Syndrome is present.
103	This whole body photo showing widened abdomen due to diastasis recti and crease in ear lobe face is slide  and kidneys with bilateral pelvic-ureteral strictures are slide. Beckwith-Wiedemann Syndrome is present.
104	This image shows view looking down on heads joined lower chest and abdomen. Siamese Twins is present.
105	This image shows joined lower chest and abdomen anterior opened lower chest and abdomen showing apparent two sets intestine with one liver. Siamese Twins is present.
106	This image shows view from side showing fusion lower chest and entire abdomen single umbilical cord. Siamese Twins is present.
107	This image shows lateral view joined at chest and abdomen. Siamese Twins is present.
108	This joined chest and abdomen slide shows opened chest with two hearts. Siamese Twins is present.
109	This image shows joined anterior chest and abdomen opened chest an abdomen showing two sets chest organs and apparently a single liver. Siamese Twins is present.
110	This image shows joined anterior at chest and abdomen view from buttocks. Siamese Twins is present.
111	This image shows rather grotesque but a good example body on autopsy table. Marfans Syndrome is present.
112	This image shows lateral view of head typical example. Anencephaly is present.
113	This image shows view from back typical example. Anencephaly is present.
114	This image shows good example of large umbilical hernia.
115	This image shows lateral view of head typical example. Anencephaly is present.
116	This image shows lateral view of typical appearance. Anencephaly is present.
117	This image shows good example tastefully shown with face out of picture and genitalia covered muscle atrophy is striking. Cachexia is present.
118	This image shows very good example joined abdomen and lower chest anterior. Siamese Twins is present.
119	This image shows close-up excellent example. Spina Bifida is present.
120	This photo of infant from head to toe shows typical lesion. Spina Bifida is present.
121	This image shows would have to get protocol to determine where this section was taken. Notochord is present.
122	 Notochord is present.
123	This image shows epithelial component like intestine. Sacrococcygeal Teratoma is present.
124	This image shows lung tissue and cartilage. Sacrococcygeal Teratoma is present.
125	This image shows squamous epithelial component. Sacrococcygeal Teratoma is present.
126	This image shows  epithelial component resembling endometrium. Sacrococcygeal Teratoma is present.
127	This image shows acinar tissue looking like pancreas with primitive stroma. Sacrococcygeal Teratoma is present.
128	This image shows hyaline membrane disease.
129	This image shows hyaline membrane disease.
130	This image shows hyaline membrane disease.
131	This image shows hyaline membrane disease.
132	This image shows hyaline membrane disease.
133	This image shows herpes zoster.
134	This image shows hemolytic disease of newborn.
135	This image shows hemolytic disease of newborn.
136	This image shows hemolytic disease of newborn.
137	This image shows hemolytic disease of newborn.
138	This image shows skin, kaposi's sarcoma.
139	This image shows skin, kaposi's sarcoma.
140	This image shows skin, kaposi's sarcoma.
141	This image shows ulcerations, herpes simplex.
142	This image shows two nipples. Breast is present. Nipple Duplication is present.
143	This image shows close-up excised breast with large ulcerating carcinoma.
144	This image shows huge ulcerating carcinoma surgical specimen. Breast is present. Adenocarcinoma is present.
145	This image shows large ulcerating carcinoma surgical specimen. Breast is present.
146	This image shows good example of a breast carcinoma, slide is labeled cystosarcoma. But lesion appears too small for this. Breast is present. Adenocarcinoma is present.
147	This image shows excellent example of carcinoma below nipple in cross section. Adenocarcinoma is present.
148	This image shows excised breast good example. Pagets Disease is present.
149	This image shows normal breast.
150	This image shows normal breast.
151	This image shows normal breast.
152	This image shows normal breast.
153	This image shows normal breast.
154	This image shows normal breast.
155	This image shows breast, fibroadenoma.
156	This image shows breast, fibroadenoma.
157	This image shows breast, fibroadenoma.
158	This image shows breast, fibroadenoma.
159	This image shows breast, fibroadenoma.
160	This image shows breast, fibroadenoma.
161	This image shows breast, fibroadenoma.
162	This image shows needle biopsy with obvious carcinoma. Breast is present.
163	This image shows pleomorphic cells with obvious mucin secretion. Breast is present. Carcinoma is present.
164	This typical lesion appears benign. Breast is present. Intraductal Papillomatosis is present.
165	This image appears benign. Breast is present. Intraductal Papillomatosis With Apocrine Metaplasia is present.
166	This image shows atrophic lobules and normal connective tissue. Breast is present. Atrophy is present.
167	This image shows normal duct in postmenopausal woman. Breast is present. Atrophy is present.
168	This image shows excellent cribriform pattern all tumor in duct. Breast is present. Papillary Intraductal Adenocarcinoma is present.
169	This image shows excellent invasive tumor with marked desmoplastic reaction. Intraductal lesions also are seen. Breast is present. Papillary Intraductal Adenocarcinoma is present.
170	This image shows good example of poorly differentiated infiltrating ductal carcinoma. Breast is present.
171	This image is a quite good example of pagets disease . Breast is present. Carcinoma is present.
172	This image is a quite excellent example of pagets disease. Breast is present.
173	This image shows metastatic choriocarcinoma with extensive vascularization. Breast is present. Metastatic Carcinoma is present.
174	This image shows metastatic choriocarcinoma with pleomorphism and mitotic figures sickled red cells in vessels well shown. Breast is present. Metastatic Carcinoma is present.
175	This image shows mastectomy scars with skin metastases. Breast is present.
176	This image shows mastectomy scars with skin metastases. Breast is present.
177	This image shows heart, myocardial infarction, map of coronary artery lesions. Cardiovascular is present.
178	This image shows coronary artery atherosclerosis diagram. Cardiovascular is present.
179	This image shows coronary artery atherosclerosis diagram. Cardiovascular is present.
180	This image shows coronary artery atherosclerosis diagram. Cardiovascular is present.
181	This image shows coronary artery atherosclerosis diagram. Cardiovascular is present.
182	This image shows amyloidosis. Cardiovascular is present.
183	 Cardiovascular is present. Amyloidosis is present.
184	 Cardiovascular is present. Amyloidosis is present.
185	This image shows skeletal muscle. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present. Capillary is present.
186	This continuous type showing intercellular junction. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present. Capillary is present.
187	This image shows proximal tubule and fenestrated capillary can be used to illustrate capillary epithelial cell relations and functions. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
188	This image shows continuous type illustrating opened and closed intercellular junction. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present. Capillary is present.
189	This image shows muscle ruthenium red to illustrate glycocalyx. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present. Capillary is present.
190	This image shows continuous type. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present. Capillary is present.
191	This image shows skeletal muscle. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present. Capillary is present.
192	This image shows good for banding pattern mitochondria. Cardiovascular is present. Myocardium is present.
193	This image shows cross section myofibril. Cardiovascular is present. Myocardium is present.
194	This image shows junctional complex between two cells. Cardiovascular is present. Myocardium is present.
195	This image shows sarcoplasmic reticulum. Cardiovascular is present. Myocardium is present.
196	This image shows of smooth muscle cell with lipid in sarcoplasm and lipid precipitate in interstitial space very good example outside case. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present. Artery is present.
197	This image shows advanced myofiber atrophy. Cardiovascular is present.
198	 Cardiovascular is present. Atrophy is present.
199	This image shows marked fiber atrophy. Cardiovascular is present.
200	This image shows electron micrographs demonstrating fiber does not connect with another fiber other frame shows dilated sarcoplasmic reticulum. Cardiovascular is present. Atrophy is present.
201	This image shows electron micrographs demonstrating marked loss of myofibrils in fiber and inset with dilated sarcoplasmic reticulum. Cardiovascular is present. Atrophy is present.
202	This image shows excessive number mitochondria especially about nucleus early atrophy. Cardiovascular is present.
203	This image shows rabbit lesion with foam cell immediately beneath endothelium. Cardiovascular is present. Aorta is present. Atherosclerosis is present.
204	This image shows rabbit foam cell with pseudopod extending through endothelium into lumen presumably exiting the aorta. Cardiovascular is present. Aorta is present. Atherosclerosis is present.
205	This image shows monocyte in intima. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present. Coronary artery is present.
206	This image shows monocyte in intima. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present. Coronary artery is present.
207	This image shows endothelium with myelin bodies precipitated lipid in interstitial space. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present. Coronary artery is present.
208	This image shows fibroblasts in adventitia of monkey basilar artery. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present. Cranial artery is present.
209	This image shows smooth muscle cell with lipid monocyte and precipitated lipid in interstitial space. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present. Coronary artery is present.
210	This image shows foam cell. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present. Coronary artery is present.
211	This image shows intimal smooth muscle cell with lipochrome pigment. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present. Coronary artery is present.
212	This image shows intimal smooth muscle cells with lipid in cytoplasm and precipitated lipid in interstitial space. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present. Coronary artery is present.
213	This image shows myocytolysis not well but does show lesion containing no lipid. Cardiovascular is present. Chronic ischemia is present.
214	This image shows formalin fixed and not too good but does show lesion of myocytolysis contains not lipid. Cardiovascular is present. Chronic ischemia is present.
215	This image shows chagas disease, acute, trypanasoma cruzi. Cardiovascular is present.
216	This image shows chagas disease, acute, trypanasoma cruzi. Cardiovascular is present.
217	This image shows chagas disease, acute, trypanasoma cruzi. Cardiovascular is present.
218	This image shows chagas disease, acute, trypanasoma cruzi. Cardiovascular is present.
219	This image shows normal cardiovascular.
220	This image shows normal aortic valve. Cardiovascular is present.
221	This image shows normal aortic valve. Cardiovascular is present.
222	This image shows normal tricuspid valve. Cardiovascular is present.
223	This image shows normal cardiovascular.
224	This image shows normal mitral valve. Cardiovascular is present.
225	This image shows normal duct in postmenopausal woman. Cardiovascular is present.
226	This image shows normal cardiovascular.
227	This image shows normal cardiovascular.
228	This image shows aorta, normal intima. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
229	This image shows normal cardiovascular.
230	This image shows congestive heart failure, three vessel coronary artery disease. Cardiovascular is present.
231	This image shows aorta, abdominal.  severe atherosclerosis. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
232	This image shows congestive heart failure, three vessel coronary artery disease. Cardiovascular is present.
233	This image shows congestive heart failure, three vessel coronary artery disease. Cardiovascular is present.
234	This image shows coronary artery with atherosclerosis and thrombotic occlusion. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
235	This image shows coronary artery with atherosclerosis and thrombotic occlusion. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
236	This image shows heart, myocardial infarction, surgery to repair interventricular septum rupture. Cardiovascular is present.
237	This image shows heart, myocardial infarction, surgery to repair interventricular septum rupture. Cardiovascular is present.
238	This image shows heart, myocardial infarction, surgery to repair interventricular septum rupture. Cardiovascular is present.
239	This image shows heart, myocardial infarction, surgery to repair interventricular septum rupture. Cardiovascular is present.
240	This image shows heart, myocardial infarction, surgery to repair interventricular septum rupture. Cardiovascular is present.
241	This image shows heart, myocardial infarction, surgery to repair interventricular septum rupture. Cardiovascular is present.
242	This image shows heart, myocardial infarction, surgery to repair interventricular septum rupture. Cardiovascular is present.
243	This image shows heart, myocardial infarction, surgery to repair interventricular septum rupture. Cardiovascular is present.
244	This image shows heart, myocardial infarction, surgery to repair interventricular septum rupture. Cardiovascular is present.
245	This image shows heart, hypertrophy, chronic rheumatic heart disease with prosthetic mitral valve. Cardiovascular is present.
246	This image shows heart, hypertrophy, chronic rheumatic heart disease with prosthetic mitral valve. Cardiovascular is present.
247	This image shows heart, hypertrophy, chronic rheumatic heart disease with prosthetic mitral valve (bjork-shiley). Cardiovascular is present.
248	This image shows heart, hypertrophy, chronic rheumatic heart disease with prosthetic mitral valve. Cardiovascular is present.
249	This image shows heart, hypertrophy, chronic rheumatic heart disease with prosthetic mitral valve. Cardiovascular is present.
250	This image shows heart, hypertrophy, chronic rheumatic heart disease with prosthetic mitral valve. Cardiovascular is present.
251	This image shows heart and lungs, pleuritis and pericarditis secondary to mediastanitis from pseudomonas and enterobacter (14 days post op). Cardiovascular is present.
252	This image shows pericarditis, secondary to mediastanitis from pseudomonas and enterobacter (14 days post op). Cardiovascular is present.
253	This image shows pericarditis, secondary to mediastanitis from pseudomonas and enterobacter (14 days post op). Cardiovascular is present.
254	This image shows atherosclerosis, right coronary artery. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
255	This image shows prosthetic mitral valve, carpentier-edwards valve (bovine pericardial bioprosthesis). Cardiovascular is present.
256	This image shows heart, left ventricular subendocardial fibrosis due to chronic ischemic heart disease. Cardiovascular is present.
257	This image shows atherosclerosis, left anterior descending coronary artery. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
258	This image shows heart, recent coronary artery bypass graft. Cardiovascular is present.
259	This image shows heart, recent coronary artery bypass graft. Cardiovascular is present.
260	This image shows ruptured saccular aneurysm right middle cerebral artery. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
261	This image shows ruptured saccular aneurysm right middle cerebral artery. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
262	This image shows abdominal aorta, atherosclerosis and fusiform aneurysm. Cardiovascular is present.
263	This image shows abdominal aorta, atherosclerosis and fusiform aneurysm. Cardiovascular is present.
264	This image shows atherosclerosis, right coronary artery. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
265	This image shows heart, old myocardial infarction with fibrosis. Cardiovascular is present.
266	This image shows atherosclerosis, left anterior descending coronary artery. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
267	This image shows heart, old myocardial infarction with fibrosis. Cardiovascular is present.
268	This image shows heart, old myocardial infarction with fibrosis. Cardiovascular is present.
269	This image shows heart, old myocardial infarction with fibrosis and apical thrombus. Cardiovascular is present.
270	This image shows saphenous vein graft anastamosis in aorta. Cardiovascular is present.
271	This image shows heart, old myocardial infarction with fibrosis. Cardiovascular is present.
272	This image shows abdominal aorta saccular aneurysm, atherosclerosis. Cardiovascular is present.
273	This image shows heart, myocardial infarction free wall, 6 days old, in a patient with diabetes mellitus and hypertension. Cardiovascular is present.
274	This image shows coronary artery atherosclerosis. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
275	This image shows coronary artery atherosclerosis. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
276	This image shows heart, myocardial infarction free wall, 6 days old, in a patient with diabetes mellitus and hypertension. Cardiovascular is present.
277	This image shows coronary artery atherosclerosis. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
278	This image shows heart, myocardial infarction free wall, 6 days old, in a patient with diabetes mellitus and hypertension. Cardiovascular is present.
279	This image shows heart, myocardial infarction free wall, 6 days old, in a patient with diabetes mellitus and hypertension. Cardiovascular is present.
280	This image shows abnormal location of coronary artery ostia. Cardiovascular is present. Heart is present.
281	This image shows heart, myocardial infarction free wall, 6 days old, in a patient with diabetes mellitus and hypertension. Cardiovascular is present.
282	This image shows heart, myocardial infarction free wall, 6 days old, in a patient with diabetes mellitus and hypertension. Cardiovascular is present.
283	This image shows heart, myocardial infarction free wall, 6 days old, in a patient with diabetes mellitus and hypertension. Cardiovascular is present.
284	This image shows heart, myocardial infarction free wall, 6 days old, in a patient with diabetes mellitus and hypertension. Cardiovascular is present.
285	This image shows thromboembolus from leg veins in right ventricle. Cardiovascular is present. Heart is present.
286	This image shows thromboembolus from leg veins in right ventricle and atrium. Cardiovascular is present. Heart is present.
287	This image shows thromboembolus from leg veins in right ventricle. Cardiovascular is present. Heart is present.
288	This image shows heart transplant, 2 years post surgery. Cardiovascular is present.
289	This image shows heart slice, acute posterior myocardial infarction in patient with hypertension. Cardiovascular is present.
290	This image shows heart, right coronary artery, atherosclerosis and acute thrombus. Cardiovascular is present.
291	This image shows heart, coronary artery, atherosclerosis. Cardiovascular is present.
292	This image shows heart slice, acute posterior myocardial infarction in patient with hypertension. Cardiovascular is present.
293	This image shows heart slice, acute posterior myocardial infarction in patient with hypertension. Cardiovascular is present.
294	This image shows heart slices, acute posterior myocardial infarction in patient with hypertension. Cardiovascular is present.
295	This image shows heart, coronary artery, atherosclerosis. Cardiovascular is present.
296	This image shows heart, anterior surface, acute posterior myocardial infarction. Cardiovascular is present.
297	This image shows heart, posterior surface, acute posterior myocardial infarction. Cardiovascular is present.
298	This image shows heart dilation.  sickle cell disease and iron overload. Cardiovascular is present.
299	This image shows acute myocardial infarction. Cardiovascular is present.
300	This image shows acute myocardial infarction. Cardiovascular is present.
301	This image shows heart, patent ductus arteriosis in a pateint with hyaline membrane disease. Cardiovascular is present.
302	This image shows heart, right ventricular enlargement due to a patent ductus arteriosis in a patient with hyaline membrane disease. Cardiovascular is present.
303	This image shows heart, lymphoma. Cardiovascular is present.
304	This image shows heart, hemochromatosis. Cardiovascular is present.
305	This image shows congestive heart failure, left ventricular dilatation. Cardiovascular is present.
306	This image shows left ventricular hypertrophy. Cardiovascular is present.
307	This image shows heart, metastatic mesothelioma. Cardiovascular is present.
308	This image shows amyloidosis, left atrium, endocardial nodules. Cardiovascular is present.
309	This image shows amyloidosis and left ventricular hypertrophy. Cardiovascular is present.
310	This image shows amyloidosis, left atrium, endocardial nodules. Cardiovascular is present.
311	This image shows amyloidosis, left atrium, endocardial nodules. Cardiovascular is present.
312	This image shows abdominal aorta, severe atherosclerosis. Cardiovascular is present.
313	This image shows abdominal aorta, severe atherosclerosis. Cardiovascular is present.
314	This image shows heart, acute myocardial infarction, anterior wall. Cardiovascular is present.
315	This image shows heart, marked right ventricular hypertrophy due to pulmonary hypertension. Cardiovascular is present.
316	This image shows heart, old myocardial infarction with aneurysm formation. Cardiovascular is present.
317	This image shows heart, marked left ventricular hypertrophy. Cardiovascular is present.
318	This image shows heart, left ventricular hypertrophy compared to normal heart. Cardiovascular is present.
319	This image shows heart, myocardial infarction, wavey fiber change, necrtosis, hemorrhage, and dissection. Cardiovascular is present.
320	This image shows heart, myocardial infarction, wavey fiber change, necrtosis, hemorrhage, and dissection. Cardiovascular is present.
321	This image shows heart, myocardial infarction, wavey fiber change, necrtosis, hemorrhage, and dissection. Cardiovascular is present.
322	This image shows heart, myocardial infarction, wavey fiber change, necrtosis, hemorrhage, and dissection. Cardiovascular is present.
323	This image shows heart, myocardial infarction, wavey fiber change, necrtosis, hemorrhage, and dissection. Cardiovascular is present.
324	This image shows heart, myocardial infarction, wavey fiber change, necrtosis, hemorrhage, and dissection. Cardiovascular is present.
325	This image shows heart, myocardial infarction, wavey fiber change, necrtosis, hemorrhage, and dissection. Cardiovascular is present.
326	This image shows heart, myocardial infarction, wavey fiber change, necrtosis, hemorrhage, and dissection. Cardiovascular is present.
327	This image shows heart, myocardial infarction, wavey fiber change, necrtosis, hemorrhage, and dissection. Cardiovascular is present.
328	This image shows heart, myocardial infarction, wavey fiber change, necrtosis, hemorrhage, and dissection. Cardiovascular is present.
329	This image shows heart, myocardial infarction, wavey fiber change, necrtosis, hemorrhage, and dissection. Cardiovascular is present.
330	This image shows coronary artery with atherosclerosis and thrombotic occlusion. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
331	This image shows heart, myocardial infarction, wavey fiber change, necrtosis, hemorrhage, and dissection. Cardiovascular is present. Heart is present.
332	This image shows heart, myocardial infarction, wavey fiber change, necrtosis, hemorrhage, and dissection. Cardiovascular is present. Heart is present.
333	This image shows coronary artery with atherosclerosis and thrombotic occlusion. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
334	This image shows coronary artery with atherosclerosis and thrombotic occlusion. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
335	This image shows pulmonary artery atherosclerosis in patient with pulmonary hypertension. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
336	This image shows heart, fibrosis, chronic rheumatic heart disease. Cardiovascular is present.
337	This image shows heart, fibrosis, chronic rheumatic heart disease. Cardiovascular is present.
338	This image shows heart, fibrosis, chronic rheumatic heart disease. Cardiovascular is present.
339	This image shows heart, subendocardial vacuolation, chronic ischemic heart disease. Cardiovascular is present.
340	This image shows atherosclerosis, left anterior descending coronary artery. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
341	This image shows heart, fibrosis, chronic ischemic heart disease. Cardiovascular is present.
342	This image shows atherosclerosis, right coronary artery. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
343	This image shows heart, papillary muscle, fibrosis, chronic ischemic heart disease. Cardiovascular is present.
344	This image shows atherosclerosis, left anterior descending coronary artery. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
345	This image shows atherosclerosis, left anterior descending coronary artery. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
346	This image shows atherosclerosis, left anterior descending coronary artery. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
347	This image shows ruptured saccular aneurysm right middle cerebral artery. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
348	This image shows ruptured saccular aneurysm right middle cerebral artery. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
349	This image shows heart, old myocardial infarction with fibrosis, trichrome. Cardiovascular is present.
350	This image shows heart, old myocardial infarction with fibrosis, he. Cardiovascular is present.
351	This image shows heart, old myocardial infarction with fibrosis, he. Cardiovascular is present.
352	This image shows heart, old myocardial infarction with fibrosis, trichrome. Cardiovascular is present.
353	This image shows heart, old myocardial infarction with fibrosis, he. Cardiovascular is present.
354	This image shows heart, old myocardial infarction with fibrosis, he. Cardiovascular is present.
355	This image shows saphenous vein graft sclerosis. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
356	This image shows saphenous vein graft sclerosis. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
357	This image shows saphenous vein graft sclerosis. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
358	This image shows saphenous vein graft sclerosis. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
359	This image shows saphenous vein graft sclerosis. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
360	This image shows saphenous vein graft sclerosis. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
361	This image shows saphenous vein graft sclerosis. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
362	This image shows atherosclerosis, right coronary artery. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
363	This image shows atherosclerosis, left anterior descending coronary artery. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
364	This image shows heart, myocardial infarction free wall, 6 days old, in a patient with diabetes mellitus and hypertension. Cardiovascular is present.
365	This image shows heart, myocardial infarction free wall, 6 days old, in a patient with diabetes mellitus and hypertension. Cardiovascular is present.
366	This image shows coronary artery atherosclerosis. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
367	This image shows heart, myocardial infarction free wall, 6 days old, in a patient with diabetes mellitus and hypertension. Cardiovascular is present.
368	This image shows coronary artery atherosclerosis. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
369	This image shows coronary artery atherosclerosis. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
370	This image shows coronary artery atherosclerosis. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
371	This image shows coronary artery atherosclerosis. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
372	This image shows coronary artery atherosclerosis. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
373	This image shows heart, microthrombi,  thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura. Cardiovascular is present.
374	This image shows heart, microthrombi,  thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura. Cardiovascular is present.
375	This image shows heart, microthrombi,  thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura. Cardiovascular is present.
376	This image shows thromboembolus from leg veins in pulmonary artery. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
377	This image shows thrombus in leg vein with early organization. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
378	This image shows thrombus in leg vein with early organization. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
379	This image shows leg veins, thrombus. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
380	This image shows thromboembolus from leg veins in pulmonary artery. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
381	This image shows leg veins, thrombus. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
382	This image shows heart, acute myocardial infarction, aldehyde fuscin stain. Cardiovascular is present.
383	This image shows heart, acute myocardial infarction, aldehyde fuscin stain. Cardiovascular is present.
384	This image shows right coronary artery, atherosclerosis and acute thrombus. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
385	This image shows heart, acute myocardial infarction, aldehyde fuscin stain. Cardiovascular is present.
386	This image shows heart, acute myocardial infarction, he. Cardiovascular is present.
387	This image shows right coronary artery, atherosclerosis and acute thrombus. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
388	This image shows right coronary artery, atherosclerosis and acute thrombus. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
389	This image shows right coronary artery, atherosclerosis and acute thrombus. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
390	This image shows right coronary artery, atherosclerosis and acute thrombus. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
391	This image shows sickle cell disease, thrombus. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
392	This image shows polyarteritis nodosa. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
393	This image shows polyarteritis nodosa. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
394	This image shows polyarteritis nodosa. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
395	This image shows polyarteritis nodosa. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
396	This image shows polyarteritis nodosa. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
397	This image shows polyarteritis nodosa. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
398	This image shows heart, polyarteritis nodosa. Cardiovascular is present.
399	This image shows heart, polyarteritis nodosa. Cardiovascular is present.
400	This image shows heart, polyarteritis nodosa. Cardiovascular is present.
401	This image shows vasculitis, polyarteritis nodosa. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
402	This image shows vasculitis, polyarteritis nodosa. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
403	This image shows vasculitis, polyarteritis nodosa. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
404	This image shows vasculitis, polyarteritis nodosa. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
405	This image shows vasculitis, polyarteritis nodosa. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
406	This image shows vasculitis, polyarteritis nodosa. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
407	This image shows vasculitis, polyarteritis nodosa. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
408	This image shows vasculitis, polyarteritis nodosa. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
409	This image shows vasculitis, polyarteritis nodosa. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
410	This image shows vasculitis, polyarteritis nodosa. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
411	This image shows vasculitis, polyarteritis nodosa. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
412	This image shows vasculitis, polyarteritis nodosa. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
413	This image shows vasculitis, polyarteritis nodosa. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
414	This image shows vasculitis, polyarteritis nodosa. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
415	This image shows acute inflammation, rolling leukocytes (polymorphonuclear neutrophils). Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
416	This image shows acute inflammation, rolling leukocytes (polymorphonuclear neutrophils). Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
417	This image shows acute inflammation, rolling leukocytes (polymorphonuclear neutrophils). Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
418	This image shows acute inflammation, rolling leukocytes (polymorphonuclear neutrophils). Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
419	This image shows vasculitis, rocky mountain spotted fever, immunoperoxidase staining vessels for rickettsia rickettsii. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
420	This image shows vasculitis, rocky mountain spotted fever, immunoperoxidase staining vessels for rickettsia rickettsii. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
421	This image shows vasculitis, rocky mountain spotted fever, immunoperoxidase staining vessels for rickettsia rickettsii. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
422	This image shows vasculitis, rocky mountain spotted fever, immunoperoxidase staining vessels for rickettsia rickettsii. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
423	This image shows vasculitis, rocky mountain spotted fever, immunoperoxidase staining vessels for rickettsia rickettsii. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
424	This image shows vasculitis, rocky mountain spotted fever, immunoperoxidase staining vessels for rickettsia rickettsii. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
425	This image shows vasculitis, rocky mountain spotted fever, immunoperoxidase staining vessels for rickettsia rickettsii. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
426	This image shows vasculitis, rocky mountain spotted fever, immunoperoxidase staining vessels for rickettsia rickettsii. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
427	This image shows vasculitis, rocky mountain spotted fever, immunoperoxidase staining vessels for rickettsia rickettsii. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
428	This image shows angiogram postmortafter switch of left coronary to aorta. Cardiovascular is present. Coronary artery anomalous origin left from pulmonary artery is present.
429	This image shows angiogram postmortafter switch of left coronary to aorta. Cardiovascular is present. Coronary artery anomalous origin left from pulmonary artery is present.
430	This image shows x-ray epa chest with obvious cardiomegaly female with aortic valve stenosis. Cardiovascular is present. Left ventricle hypertrophy is present.
431	This image shows x-ray postmortcoronary angiogram rather typical example of proximal lesions. Cardiovascular is present. Coronary atherosclerosis is present.
432	This image shows x-ray three horizontal slices of ventricles showing quite well the penetrating arteries. Cardiovascular is present. X-ray intramyocardial arteries is present.
433	This image shows x-ray postmortextensive lesions in this x-ray of whole heart. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present. Coronary artery is present.
434	This image shows x-ray postmortdissected arteries extensive lesions. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present. Coronary artery is present.
435	This image shows x-ray postmortclose-up view of artery with extensive lesions very good example. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present. Coronary artery is present.
436	This image shows x-ray postmortdissected artery lesions in small branches. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present. Coronary artery is present.
437	This image shows shows rather close-up large vein anastomosing to much smaller artery. Cardiovascular is present. Angiogram saphenous vein bypass graft is present.
438	This image shows x-ray postmortinjection showing vein anastomosis very well and the Vasculature of the right and left ventricles. Cardiovascular is present. Angiogram saphenous vein bypass graft is present.
439	This image shows x-ray postmortinjection horizontal slice of left ventricle showing very well penetrating arteries. Cardiovascular is present. Angiogram is present.
440	This image shows postmortangiogram with apparent lesions in proximal right coronary. Cardiovascular is present. Angiogram is present.
441	This image shows x-ray postmortnormal coronaries. Cardiovascular is present. Angiogram is present.
442	This image shows x-ray postmortcoronary arteries with multiple lesions. Cardiovascular is present. Angiogram is present.
443	This image shows x-ray horizontal sections of ventricle showing penetrating artery distribution quite good. Cardiovascular is present. Angiogram is present.
444	This image shows artery. Cardiovascular is present. Vasculature is present.
445	This image shows traumatic aneurysm (aortogram). Cardiovascular is present. Aorta is present.
446	This image shows marfans syndrome. Cardiovascular is present. Aorta is present.
447	This image shows carotid sclerosing panarteritis. Cardiovascular is present. Aorta is present.
448	This image shows postmortangiogram of coronary arteries. Cardiovascular is present. Myocardial infarct is present.
449	This image shows pharyngeal pouch remnant, incidental finding in an adult. EMBRYO-FETUS is present.
450	This image shows pharyngeal pouch remnant, incidental finding in an adult. EMBRYO-FETUS is present.
451	This image shows pharyngeal pouch remnant, incidental finding in an adult. EMBRYO-FETUS is present.
452	This image shows pharyngeal pouch remnant, incidental finding in 32 yo man. EMBRYO-FETUS is present.
453	This image shows prolactin secreting dr garcia tumors 34. Endocrine is present. Pituitary is present. Adenoma is present.
454	This image shows null cell dr garcia tumors 35. Endocrine is present. Pituitary is present. Adenoma is present.
455	This image shows thyroid, normal. Endocrine is present.
456	This image shows thyroid, normal. Endocrine is present.
457	This image shows adrenals, normal. Endocrine is present.
458	This image shows adrenals, normal. Endocrine is present.
459	This image shows pituitary, chromaphobe adenoma. Endocrine is present.
460	This image shows adrenal gland, cortical nodular hyperplasia. Endocrine is present.
461	This image shows adrenal gland, severe hemorrhage (waterhouse-friderichsen syndrome). Endocrine is present.
462	This image shows adrenal gland, severe hemorrhage (waterhouse-friderichsen syndrome). Endocrine is present.
463	This image shows hashimoto's thyroiditis. Endocrine is present.
464	This image shows adrenal glands, metastatic Breast cancer. Endocrine is present.
465	This image shows adrenal medullary tumor. Endocrine is present.
466	This image shows adrenal medullary tumor. Endocrine is present.
467	This image shows thyroid, goiter. Endocrine is present.
468	This image shows thyroid, goiter. Endocrine is present.
469	This image shows adrenal tumor. Endocrine is present.
470	This image shows thyroid, goiter. Endocrine is present.
471	This image shows thyroid, goiter. Endocrine is present.
472	This image shows thyroid, goiter. Endocrine is present.
473	This image shows thyroid, goiter. Endocrine is present.
474	This image shows thyroid, goiter. Endocrine is present.
475	This image shows adrenal, cortical carcimoma. Endocrine is present.
476	This image shows adrenal, neuroblastoma. Endocrine is present.
477	This image shows thyroid, adenomatous goiter. Endocrine is present.
478	This image shows thyroid, nodular colloid goiter. Endocrine is present.
479	This image shows thyroid, nodular goiter. Endocrine is present.
480	This image shows thyroid, nodular colloid goiter. Endocrine is present.
481	This image shows thyroid, nodular colloid goiter with cystic degeneration. Endocrine is present.
482	This image shows adrenal, cortical adenoma (functional) aldosteronism. Endocrine is present.
483	This image shows adrenal phaeochromocytoma. Endocrine is present.
484	This image shows adrenal, hemorrhage. Endocrine is present.
485	This image shows adrenal, hemorrhage. Endocrine is present.
486	This image shows adrenal, cortical adenoma (non-functional). Endocrine is present.
487	This image shows adrenal, myelolipoma. Endocrine is present.
488	This image shows adrenal, cortical hyperplasia. Endocrine is present.
489	This image shows adrenal, cortical adenoma. Endocrine is present.
490	This image shows thyroid, hashimotos. Endocrine is present.
491	This image shows adrenal, metastatic lung carcinoma. Endocrine is present.
492	This image shows adrenal, cushing syndrome. Endocrine is present.
493	This image shows adrenal phaeochromocytoma. Endocrine is present.
494	This image shows parathyroid, functional adenoma. Endocrine is present.
495	This image shows adrenal, cortical adenoma. Endocrine is present.
496	This image shows thyroid, follicular adenoma. Endocrine is present.
497	This image shows adrenal, metastatic gastric carcinoma, diffuse. Endocrine is present.
498	This image shows adrenal phaeochromocytoma. Endocrine is present.
499	This image shows thyroid, follicular adenoma. Endocrine is present.
500	This image shows adrenal phaeochromocytoma. Endocrine is present.
501	This image shows adrenal, cortical adenoma. Endocrine is present.
502	This image shows thyroid, follicular adenoma, cystic. Endocrine is present.
503	This image shows thyroid, hurthle cell adenoma. Endocrine is present.
504	This image shows thyroid, hashimotos. Endocrine is present.
505	This image shows thyroid, hashimotos. Endocrine is present.
506	This image shows adrenal, neuroblastoma. Endocrine is present.
507	This image shows adrenal phaeochromocytoma. Endocrine is present.
508	This image shows adrenal phaeochromocytoma. Endocrine is present.
509	This image shows thyroid, hashimotos. Endocrine is present.
510	This image shows parathyroid hyperplasia. Endocrine is present.
511	This image shows parathyroid hyperplasia. Endocrine is present.
512	This image shows parathyroid hyperplasia. Endocrine is present.
513	This image shows pituitary, chromaphobe adenoma. Endocrine is present.
514	This image shows pituitary, chromaphobe adenoma. Endocrine is present.
515	This image shows pituitary, chromaphobe adenoma. Endocrine is present.
516	This image shows pituitary, chromaphobe adenoma. Endocrine is present.
517	This image shows parathyroid, adenoma. Endocrine is present.
518	This image shows adrenal, pheochromocytoma. Endocrine is present.
519	This image shows adrenal, pheochromocytoma. Endocrine is present.
520	This image shows adrenal, cushing syndrome. Endocrine is present.
521	This image shows thyroid, follicular adenoma. Endocrine is present.
522	This image shows external view of gland with knife cuts into parenchyma hemorrhage is obvious. Endocrine is present. Adrenal is present.
523	This image shows sectioned glands with obvious hemorrhage. Endocrine is present. Adrenal is present.
524	This image shows both adrenals external views focal hemorrhages do not know history looks like placental abruption. Endocrine is present. Hemorrhage newborn is present.
525	This image shows cut surfaces of both adrenals focal hemorrhagic infarction well shown do not know history looks like placental abruption. Endocrine is present. Hemorrhage newborn is present.
526	This image shows fixed tissue sectioned gland rather large lesion. Endocrine is present. Adrenal is present. Cortical nodule is present.
527	This image shows fixed tissue close-up view typical early hemorrhage in cortex. Endocrine is present. Adrenal is present.
528	This image shows typical Cortical Nodule. Endocrine is present. Adrenal is present.
529	This image shows cortical and medullary hemorrhage not extensive but clearly evident case of pneumococcal meningitis lesion probably due to septic shock. Endocrine is present. Adrenal is present.
530	This image shows excised sella. Endocrine is present. Pituitary is present. Chromophobe adenoma is present.
531	This image shows fixed tissue inferior view of cerebral hemisphere with cerebellum and brainstexcised. Endocrine is present. Pituitary is present. Chromophobe adenoma is present.
532	This image shows fixed tissue coronal sections hemispheres with large inferior lesion. Endocrine is present. Pituitary is present. Chromophobe adenoma is present.
533	This image shows fixed tissue but very good example in cross section. Endocrine is present. Adrenal is present. Cortical nodule is present.
534	This image shows section of both kidneys and adrenals hemorrhage on one side kidneys are jaundiced. Endocrine is present.
535	This image shows typical so-called cortical adenomas. Endocrine is present. Adrenal is present. Nodule is present.
536	This image shows massive replacement cannot see any adrenal tissue. Endocrine is present. Metastatic carcinoma lung is present.
537	This image shows fixed tissue close-up excellent except for color. Endocrine is present. Adrenal is present. Carcinoma metastatic lung is present.
538	This image shows sectioned gland bilateral lesions excellent example. Endocrine is present. Adrenal is present. Metastatic carcinoma is present.
539	This image shows close-up very good photo. Endocrine is present. Adrenal is present. Metastatic carcinoma is present.
540	This image shows section through thyroid and trachea apparently fibrotic lesion said to be undifferentiated carcinoma had metastases to lungs, pleura, liver and regional nodes 70yof also had colon carcinoma. Endocrine is present. Thyroid is present. Carcinoma is present.
541	This image shows excellent example lul scar adenocarcinoma. Endocrine is present. Adrenal is present. Metastatic carcinoma lung is present.
542	This image shows extensive lesions scar carcinoma in lung. Endocrine is present. Adrenal is present. Metastatic carcinoma lung is present.
543	This image shows intact gland with obvious nodule. Endocrine is present. Adrenal is present. Cortical nodule is present.
544	This image shows fixed tissue but color not bad typical lesion. Endocrine is present. Adrenal is present. Cortical nodule is present.
545	This image shows fixed tissue but not bad color stillborn infant maternal sepsis e coli hemorrhaged into peritoneum. Endocrine is present. Adrenal is present. Hematoma is present.
546	This image shows fixed tissue cut surface close-up view rather good apparently non-functional. Endocrine is present. Adrenal is present. Nodules is present.
547	This image shows fixed tissue nice close-up of moderate size cortical nodule or adenoma. Endocrine is present. Adrenal is present.
548	This image shows fixed tissue hemorrhage hematoma in left adrenal of premature 30 week gestation  gram infant lesion had ruptured causing 20ml hemoperitoneum unusual lesion. Endocrine is present. Hemorrhage in newborn is present.
549	This image shows fixed tissue nice close-up view of cortical nodules. Endocrine is present. Adrenal is present.
550	This image shows cut surface 3cm lesion very good. Endocrine is present. Adrenal is present. Adenoma is present.
551	This image shows fixed tissue but good color gland not recognizable as such. Endocrine is present. Pituitary is present. Hemorrhage associated with placental abruption is present.
552	This image shows fixed tissue close-up view shows tumor very well lung adenocarcinoma. Endocrine is present. Adrenal is present. Metastatic carcinoma is present.
553	This image shows close-up tumor is shown well but photo is bloody. Endocrine is present. Adrenal is present. Metastatic carcinoma oat cell is present.
554	This image shows nicely shown single nodule close-up. Endocrine is present. Adrenal is present. Cortical nodule is present.
555	This image shows thyroid, normal. Endocrine is present.
556	This image shows thyroid, normal. Endocrine is present.
557	This image shows thyroid, normal. Endocrine is present.
558	This image shows thyroid, nodular hyperplasia. Endocrine is present.
559	This image shows thyroid, nodular hyperplasia. Endocrine is present.
560	This image shows thyroid, nodular hyperplasia. Endocrine is present.
561	This image shows pancreas, islet hyalinization, diabetes mellitus. Endocrine is present.
562	This image shows pancreas, islet hyalinization, diabetes mellitus. Endocrine is present.
563	This image shows pancreas, islet hyalinization, diabetes mellitus. Endocrine is present.
564	This image shows pituitary, chromaphobe adenoma. Endocrine is present.
565	This image shows pituitary, chromaphobe adenoma. Endocrine is present.
566	This image shows pituitary, chromaphobe adenoma. Endocrine is present.
567	This image shows pituitary, chromaphobe adenoma. Endocrine is present.
568	This image shows pituitary, chromaphobe adenoma. Endocrine is present.
569	This image shows pituitary, chromaphobe adenoma. Endocrine is present.
570	This image shows thyroid, nodular hyperplasia. Endocrine is present.
571	This image shows pancreas, microthrombi, thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura. Endocrine is present.
572	This image shows pancreas, microthrombi,  thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura. Endocrine is present.
573	This image shows pancreas, microthrombi,  thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura. Endocrine is present.
574	This image shows adrenal, polyarteritis nodosa with infarct. Endocrine is present.
575	This image shows adrenal gland, severe hemorrhage (waterhouse-friderichsen syndrome). Endocrine is present.
576	This image shows adrenal gland, severe hemorrhage (waterhouse-friderichsen syndrome). Endocrine is present.
577	This image shows adrenal gland, severe hemorrhage (waterhouse-friderichsen syndrome). Endocrine is present.
578	This image shows hashimoto's thyroiditis. Endocrine is present.
579	This image shows hashimoto's thyroiditis. Endocrine is present.
580	This image shows hashimoto's thyroiditis. Endocrine is present.
581	This image shows hashimoto's thyroiditis. Endocrine is present.
582	This image shows hashimoto's thyroiditis. Endocrine is present.
583	This image shows hashimoto's thyroiditis. Endocrine is present.
584	This image shows hashimoto's thyroiditis. Endocrine is present.
585	This image shows hashimoto's thyroiditis. Endocrine is present.
586	This image shows hashimoto's thyroiditis. Endocrine is present.
587	This image shows thyroid, follicular ademona. Endocrine is present.
588	This image shows thyroid, follicular ademona. Endocrine is present.
589	This image shows adrenal gland, normal histology. Endocrine is present.
590	This image shows adrenal gland, normal histology. Endocrine is present.
591	This image shows adrenal gland, normal histology. Endocrine is present.
592	This image shows thyroid gland, normal. Endocrine is present.
593	This image shows thyroid gland, normal. Endocrine is present.
594	This image shows thyroid gland, normal. Endocrine is present.
595	This image shows thyroid, hashimoto's. Endocrine is present.
596	This image shows thyroid, hashimoto's. Endocrine is present.
597	This image shows thyroid, hashimoto's. Endocrine is present.
598	This image shows thyroid, hashimoto's. Endocrine is present.
599	This image shows parathyroid adenoma. Endocrine is present.
600	This image shows pituitary, chromaphobe adenoma. Endocrine is present.
601	This image shows parathyroid adenoma. Endocrine is present.
602	This image shows pituitary, chromaphobe adenoma. Endocrine is present.
603	This image shows pancrease, islet amyloid, diabetes mellitus. Endocrine is present.
604	This image shows parathyroid adenoma, h&e low mag. Endocrine is present.
605	This image shows pancrease, islet amyloid, diabetes mellitus. Endocrine is present.
606	This image shows parathyroid, hyperplasia. Endocrine is present.
607	This image shows parathyroid, normal. Endocrine is present.
608	This image shows parathyroid, adenoma, functional. Endocrine is present.
609	This image shows parathyroid, adenoma, functional. Endocrine is present.
610	This image shows parathyroid, carcinoma. Endocrine is present.
611	 Endocrine is present. Thyroid is present. Cytomegalovirus is present.
612	This image shows excellent example. Endocrine is present. Adrenal is present. Aldactone bodies is present.
613	This image shows infarction and hemorrhage well shown. Endocrine is present. Adrenal is present. Hemorrhage newborn is present.
614	This image shows papillary lesion unusual. Endocrine is present. Pituitary is present. Adenoma is present.
615	This image shows well circumscribed papillary lesion see  for high mag. Endocrine is present. Pituitary is present. Adenoma is present.
616	 Endocrine is present. Pituitary is present. Chromophobe adenoma is present.
617	 Endocrine is present. Pituitary is present. Crookes cells is present.
618	 Endocrine is present. Pituitary is present. Crookes cells is present.
619	This image shows easily seen infiltrate. Endocrine is present. Adrenal is present. Lymphoma is present.
620	This image shows well shown infarct . Endocrine is present. Pituitary is present.
621	This image shows  immunostain for growth hormone stain is positive. Endocrine is present. Pituitary is present. Eosinophilic adenoma is present.
622	This image shows cells of adenoma. Endocrine is present. Pituitary is present. Eosinophilic adenoma is present.
623	 Endocrine is present. Pituitary is present. Eosinophilic adenoma is present.
624	This image shows healing lesion in medium size artery just outside adrenal capsule section has folds. Endocrine is present. Polyarteritis nodosa is present.
625	This image shows diffuse infiltrate. Endocrine is present. Adrenal is present. Malignant lymphoma is present.
626	This image shows wide fetal zone 2 days old. Endocrine is present. Adrenal is present. Normal newborn is present.
627	This image shows pigment in area of zona glomerulosa. Endocrine is present. Adrenal is present. Hemochromatosis is present.
628	This image shows iron stain abundant iron. Endocrine is present. Pituitary is present. Hemochromatosis is present.
629	This image shows marked atrophy with iron in epithelium and lymphocytic infiltrate. Endocrine is present. Thyroid is present. Hemochromatosis is present.
630	This image shows iron stain. Endocrine is present. Pituitary is present. Hemochromatosis is present.
631	This image shows typical lesion in small artery just outside capsule. Endocrine is present. Adrenal is present. Atheromatous embolus is present.
632	This image shows good photo of tumor cells. Endocrine is present. Parathyroid is present. Mucoepidermoid carcinoma is present.
633	This image shows nice photo of parotid on one side with tumor capsule and obvious invasive tumor. Endocrine is present. Parathyroid is present. Mucoepidermoid carcinoma is present.
634	 Endocrine is present. Thyroid is present. Normal immature infant is present.
635	 Endocrine is present. Thyroid is present. Normal immature infant is present.
636	This image shows carotid artery near sella with tumor cells in soft tissue. Endocrine is present. Pituitary is present. Malignant adenoma is present.
637	This image shows hemorrhagic tissue in region of lesion several slides on this case. Endocrine is present. Pituitary is present. Malignant adenoma is present.
638	This image shows tissue about tumor with tumor cells. Endocrine is present. Pituitary is present. Malignant adenoma is present.
639	This image shows carotid artery in region of pituitary with tumor cells in soft tissue. Endocrine is present. Malignant adenoma is present.
640	This image shows typical cells. Endocrine is present. Adrenal is present. Cytomegaly is present.
641	This image shows localization of cytomegaly well shown. Endocrine is present. Adrenal is present.
642	This image shows rather good example of atrophy case of type i diabetes with pituitectomy for nine years for retinal lesions. Endocrine is present. Adrenal is present. Atrophy secondary to pituitectomy is present.
643	This image shows section through pituitary stalk showing what remains sella was empty case of type i diabetes with pituitectomy for retinal lesions 9 years. Endocrine is present. Pituitectomy is present.
644	This image shows typical severe hashimotos no thyroid tissue recognizable. Endocrine is present. Autoimmune thyroiditis is present.
645	This image shows med bizarre hurthle type cells with lymphocytic infiltrate no recognizable thyroid tissue. Endocrine is present. Autoimmune thyroiditis is present.
646	This image shows excellent example lymphocytes and hurthle like cells no recognizable thyroid tissue. Endocrine is present. Autoimmune thyroiditis is present.
647	This image shows multiple cortical hemorrhages which may be the early stage of a gross adrenal hemorrhage. Endocrine is present.
648	This image shows primary in stomach. Endocrine is present. Adrenal is present. Metastatic carcinoma is present.
649	This image shows primary in stomach. Endocrine is present. Adrenal is present. Metastatic carcinoma is present.
650	This image shows iron stain. Endocrine is present. Adrenal is present. Hemochromatosis is present.
651	This image shows atrophy secondary to corticoid therapy. Endocrine is present. Adrenal is present.
652	This image shows niece photo of thyroid and encapsulated adenoma. Endocrine is present. Papillary adenoma is present.
653	This image shows hyalin mass in pituitary which is amyloid there are several slides from this case in this file 23 yowf amyloid limited to brain had incontinence headaches and failure to maintain weight very strange case not amyloid angiopathy r. Endocrine is present. Amyloidosis is present.
654	This image shows hyalin material in pituitary which is amyloid. Endocrine is present.
655	This image shows pituitary, chromaphobe adenoma. Endocrine is present.
656	This image shows x-ray sella. Endocrine is present. Pituitary is present. Chromophobe adenoma is present.
657	This image shows x-ray sella. Endocrine is present. Pituitary is present. Chromophobe adenoma is present.
658	This image shows x-ray sella. Endocrine is present. Pituitary is present. Chromophobe adenoma is present.
659	This x-ray of sella turcica after removal postmort shows partially destroyed bone and large soft tissue mass. Endocrine is present. Pituitary is present. Malignant adenoma is present.
660	This image shows necrosis of distal finger in a patient with panniculitis and fascitis, streptococcus a scepticemia in a patient with scleroderma who was on high dose steroids. Extremities are present.
661	This image shows typical gangrene. Extremities are present. Foot is present.
662	This image shows typical gangrene. Extremities are present. Feet is present.
663	This image shows typical gangrene. Extremities are present. Feet is present.
664	This image shows typical small lesion. Extremities are present. Foot is present. Gangrene is present.
665	This image shows early lesion with erythematous appearance. Extremities are present. Feet is present. Gangrene is present.
666	This image shows good close-up of gangrene. Extremities are present. Foot is present.
667	This image shows newborn with renal polycystic disease legs are too short and feet appear clubbed. Extremities are present. Foot is present. Six digits is present.
668	This image shows child has polycystic disease. Extremities are present. Hand is present. Six digits and syndactyly is present.
669	This image shows well shown Simian Crease. Extremities are present. Hand is present.
670	This image shows close-up Supernumerary Digit. Extremities are present. Hand is present.
671	This image shows both hands deformed fingers. Extremities are present. Dysplastic is present.
672	This image shows marked deformity both legs. Extremities are present. Dysplastic is present.
673	This image shows source indicated  but previous slide from this case is a simian crease suspect. this was taken from another case to illustrate the difference. Extremities are present. Hand is present. Palmar crease normal is present.
674	 Extremities are present. Hand is present. Simian crease is present.
675	 Extremities are present. Foot is present. Syndactyly is present.
676	 Extremities are present. Hand is present. Syndactyly is present.
677	This image shows good example exposure not the best but ok Rheumatoid Arthritis . Extremities are present. Hand is present.
678	This image shows both feet with aortic dissection and mitral prolapse extremities which suggest marfans but no cystic aortic lesions see other slide this interesting case. Extremities are present. Arachnodactyly is present.
679	This image shows long fingers interesting case see other slides. Extremities are present. Arachnodactyly is present.
680	This image shows good example source of gout. Extremities are present. Hand is present.
681	This image shows gangrene both hands due to embolism case of av canal with downs syndrome. Extremities are present.
682	This image shows nice photo of syndactyly. Extremities are present. Foot is present.
683	This image shows open nasty looking wound appears to be mid thigh. Extremities are present. Amputation stump infected is present.
684	This image shows foot of infant with gangrenous tips of all toes case of sepsis with dic. Extremities are present. Gangrene is present.
685	This image shows autopsy left club foot. Extremities are present.
686	This image shows view of foot from plantar surface 7 toes at least. Extremities are present. Supernumerary digits is present.
687	This image shows view from dorsum of foot which has at least 9 toes. Extremities are present. Supernumerary digits is present.
688	This image shows infant with club feet. Extremities are present.
689	This image shows distorted nails and thick skin typical of chronic ischemia. Extremities are present. Foot is present. Trophic changes is present.
690	This image shows 1 month old child with congenital aortic stenosis. Extremities are present. Gangrene toe in infant is present.
691	This image shows syndactyly. Extremities are present. Hand is present.
692	This image shows called streeters band whatever that is looks like an amniotic band lesion. Extremities are present. Foot is present. Band constriction in skin above ankle of infant is present.
693	This image shows syndactyly. Extremities are present. Foot is present.
694	This image shows well shown gangrene fingers. Extremities are present.
695	This image shows obvious gangrenous necrosis due to shock or embolism postoperative cardiac surgery. Extremities are present. Hand is present. Gangrene fingers is present.
696	This image shows obvious gangrenous necrosis child with congenital heart disease post op exact cause not know shock vs emboli. Extremities are present. Hand is present. Gangrene fingers is present.
697	This image shows dead typical very long fingers. Extremities are present. Marfans syndrome is present.
698	This image shows case of transposition of great vessels with vsd age 22yrs. Extremities are present. Hand is present. Pulmonary osteoarthropathy is present.
699	This great toe shows clubbing. Extremities are present. Pulmonary osteoarthropathy is present.
700	This image shows well gangrenous 1-3 toes. Extremities are present.
701	This image shows 22wf juvenile rheumatoid arthritis mild deformity with high arch. Extremities are present. Feet is present.
702	This image shows enlarged joints typical of osteoarthritis. Extremities are present. Hand is present.
703	This image shows obvious lesion. Extremities are present. Hand is present. Pulmonary osteoarthropathy is present.
704	This image shows lesions well shown on index finger staphylococcus. Extremities are present. Digital infarcts bacterial endocarditis is present.
705	This image shows excellent example of marfans syndrome. Extremities are present. Hand is present.
706	This image shows very good example of syndactyly . Extremities are present. Feet is present.
707	This image shows childs hands with obvious clubbing. Extremities are present. Pulmonary osteoarthropathy is present.
708	This image shows close-up view of pulmonary osteoarthropathy. Extremities are present. Hand is present.
709	This image shows view of both hand with enlarged joints. Extremities are present. Gout is present.
710	This image shows simian crease. Extremities are present. Hand is present.
711	This image shows both legs tastefully demonstrated with one about twice the size of the other due to malignant lymphoma involving lymphatic drainage. Extremities are present. Edema is present.
712	This image shows good shot of sixth finger with ligature on it. Extremities are present. Supernumerary digit is present.
713	This image shows outstandingly horrible example in infant with apparent gangrene of distal and middle phalanges pseudomonas sepsis. Extremities are present. Hand is present. Acrocyanosis is present.
714	This image shows horrible example of gangrene of feet and skin of legs with pseudomonas sepsis. Extremities are present. Acrocyanosis is present.
715	This image shows simian crease. Extremities are present. Hand is present.
716	This image shows left hand. Extremities are present. Normal palmar creases is present.
717	This image shows simian crease. Extremities are present. Hand is present.
718	This image shows ok but not close enough petechiae. Extremities are present. Leg is present.
719	This image shows right hand. Extremities are present. Normal palmar creases is present.
720	This image shows excellent example gangrene first and second fingers due to embolism. Extremities are present.
721	This image shows club feet with marked talipes equinovarus. Extremities are present.
722	This image shows simian crease. Extremities are present. Hand is present.
723	This image shows excellent example of cyanotic nail beds. Extremities are present. Acrocyanosis is present.
724	This image shows well demarcated gangrene third and fourth toes. Extremities are present.
725	This image shows well demarcated black tissue great and second toe and lateral aspect of small toe. Extremities are present. Gangrene is present.
726	This image shows well demarcated gangrenous necrosis medial aspect left foot. Extremities are present.
727	This image shows hands one with simian crease. Extremities are present.
728	This image shows buergers disease. Extremities are present. Feet is present.
729	This image shows gangrene buergers disease. Extremities are present. Hand is present.
730	This image shows typical deformity with lateral deviation case 31. Extremities are present. Feet is present. Rheumatoid arthritis is present.
731	This image shows excellent example of acrocyanosis. Extremities are present. Hand is present.
732	This image shows excellent example of pulmonary osteoarthropathy. Extremities are present. Hand is present.
733	This image shows good example of this diabetic lesion va. Extremities are present. Heel ulcer is present.
734	This image shows excellent great toe lesion. Extremities are present. Gangrene is present.
735	This image shows good example of muscle atrophy said to be due to syringomyelia. Extremities are present. Hand is present.
736	This image shows close-up excellent example of interosseous muscle atrophy said to be due to syringomyelus. Extremities are present. Hand is present.
737	This image shows very good example of focal necrotizing lesions in distal portion of digit associated with bacterial endocarditis. Extremities are present. Hand is present. Gangrene is present.
738	This image shows excellent gangrenous necrosis of fingers said to be due to embolism. Extremities are present.
739	This image shows close-up view of gangrene. Extremities are present. Feet is present.
740	This image shows excellent example of gangrene of the first four toes. Extremities are present.
741	This image shows excellent example of gangrene of great toe. Extremities are present.
742	This image shows case of dic not bad photo requires dark room to see subtle distal phalangeal cyanosis. Extremities are present. Hand is present. Acrocyanosis is present.
743	This image shows hand, cutaneous leishmaniasis (kala-azar). Extremities are present.
744	This image shows toes, dry gangrene. Extremities are present.
745	This image shows x-ray strange foot with 8 digits. Extremities are present. Supernumerary digits is present.
746	This image shows disseminated intravascular coagulation (dic). Eye is present.
747	This image shows disseminated intravascular coagulation (dic). Eye is present.
748	This image shows glioma. Eye is present. Optic nerve is present.
749	This image shows glioma. Eye is present. Optic nerve is present.
750	This image shows van gieson. Eye is present. Optic nerve is present. Glioma is present.
751	This image shows glioma. Eye is present. Optic nerve is present.
752	This image shows gravid (pregnant) uterus.
753	This image shows uterus, fallopian tubes, ovaries; normal.
754	This image shows uterus, leiomyoma.
755	This image shows uterus, leiomyoma.
756	This image shows uterus, leiomyoma.
757	This image shows placenta, congestion and hemorrhage, hemolytic disease of newborn.
758	This image shows uterus, leiomyomas.
759	This image shows vaginal herpes.
760	This image shows ovarian cysts, hemorrhagic.
761	This image shows ovarian cysts, hemorrhagic.
762	This image shows dermoid cyst.
763	This image shows dermoid cyst.
764	This image shows dermoid cyst.
765	This image shows uterus, leiomyoma.
766	This image shows large endometrial polyp probably senile type. Female reproductive is present. Uterus is present.
767	This image shows sutured cesarean section incision. Female reproductive is present. Uterus is present.
768	This image shows fetus cord with knot and placenta. Female reproductive is present. Umbilical cord is present.
769	This image shows well shown knot. Female reproductive is present. Umbilical cord is present.
770	This image shows fixed tissue cut surface of typical myoma. Female reproductive is present. Uterus is present. Leiomyoma is present.
771	This image shows unopened uterus tubes and ovaries. this is a good example one pedunculated myoma. Female reproductive is present. Leiomyoma is present.
772	This image shows cut surface of uterus several lesions. Female reproductive is present. Leiomyoma is present.
773	This image shows opened uterus with polypoid mass. Female reproductive is present. Mixed mesodermal tumor is present.
774	This image shows opened uterus with polypoid lesion. Female reproductive is present. Mixed mesodermal tumor is present.
775	This image shows opened uterus with cut surface of tumor shown very good. Female reproductive is present. Mixed mesodermal tumor is present.
776	This image shows opened uterus polypoid tumor demonstrated. Female reproductive is present. Mixed mesodermal tumor is present.
777	This opened uterus shows tumor. Female reproductive is present. Mixed mesodermal tumor is present.
778	This image shows large senile type endometrial polyp. Female reproductive is present. Uterus is present.
779	This image shows opened uterus and vagina with pedunculated polyp extending from cervix into vagina 72yobf. Female reproductive is present.
780	This image shows opened cervix and endometrium with necrotic tissue five weeks post section because of brain hemorrhage 40 weeks gestation 29 yo hypertensive bf. Female reproductive is present. Uterus is present. Endometritis postpartum is present.
781	This image shows close-up view of 5 weeks post section 29yobf hypertension and brain hemorrhage. Female reproductive is present. Uterus is present. Endometritis is present.
782	This image shows fixed tissue of tuberculosis. Female reproductive is present. Fallopian tube is present.
783	This image cannot be recognized as ovary. Female reproductive is present. Serous cyst is present.
784	This image shows localized lesion in dome of uterus said to have adenosis adenomyosis hemorrhage probably due to shock. Female reproductive is present. Adenosis and ischemia is present.
785	This image shows cut surface 4cm lesion 76yobf. Female reproductive is present. Ovary is present. Fibroma is present.
786	This image shows opened lesion with necrotic center not too typical. Female reproductive is present. Ovary is present. Benign cystic teratoma is present.
787	This image shows necrotic central mass with thin fibrous capsule not all that typical 91yo. Female reproductive is present. Ovary is present. Benign cystic teratoma is present.
788	This image shows sectioned uterus shown close-up with typical small myomas very good. Female reproductive is present. Leiomyomas is present.
789	This image shows external view of uterus with two small subserosal myomas and a bulge represent and intramural one lesion are small normal ovary is in photo. Female reproductive is present. Leiomyomas is present.
790	This image shows fixed tissue opened ovarian cyst with two or three teeth. Female reproductive is present. Ovary is present. Benign cystic teratoma is present.
791	This image shows opened uterus with three myomas quite typical. Female reproductive is present. Leiomyoma is present.
792	This external view of uterus with two small subserosal myomas nice photo shows also tube and ovary. Female reproductive is present. Leiomyoma is present.
793	This image shows opened uterus close-up with rather large polyp 66yo diabetic female no tissue diagnosis. Female reproductive is present. Endometrial polyp is present.
794	This image shows nicely shown large neoplasm with fish flesh cerebriform appearance. Female reproductive is present. Uterus is present. Leiomyosarcoma is present.
795	This myoma has been sliced open like book cannot readily see uterus itself myoma lesion is quite typical close-up photo. Female reproductive is present. Leiomyoma is present.
796	This image shows fixed tissue opened uterus with blood clot in cervical canal and small endometrial cavity. Female reproductive is present. Postpartum uterus is present.
797	This image shows fixed tissue frontal section through uterus with single fundus and two endocervical canals and cervical ossa. Female reproductive is present. Cervix duplication is present.
798	This image shows fixed tissue frontal section single fundus duplicated endocervix and exocervix. Female reproductive is present. Uterus is present. Cervix duplication is present.
799	This image shows fixed tissue close-up well shown tan-orange luteum tissue cysts in sliced ovaries three day old. Female reproductive is present. Ovary is present. Theca luteum cysts in newborn is present.
800	This image shows all pelvic organs tumor mass opened like a book typical for this lesion. Female reproductive is present. Ovary is present. Thecoma is present.
801	This image shows close-up of lesion sliced open like a book typical for this lesion with yellow foci evident view of all pelvic organ in slide. Female reproductive is present. Ovary is present. Thecoma is present.
802	This image shows close-up single lesion well shown breast primary. Female reproductive is present. Ovary is present. Metastatic carcinoma is present.
803	This image shows maternal surface with blood clot. Female reproductive is present. Placenta is present. Abruption is present.
804	This image shows saggital section which is a very good illustration of this lesion. Female reproductive is present. Placenta is present. Abruption is present.
805	 Female reproductive is present. Ovary is present. Corpus luteum is present.
806	This image shows fixed tissue single placenta with very large cord. Female reproductive is present. Siamese twins is present.
807	This image shows cross sections showing apparently four arteries and two veins. Female reproductive is present. Umbilical cord is present. Siamese twins is present.
808	This image shows fixed tissue saggital section of organ with cross sectioned myoma. Female reproductive is present. Uterus is present. Leiomyoma is present.
809	This image shows fixed tissue saggital section of organ with bosselated myoma. Female reproductive is present. Uterus is present. Leiomyoma is present.
810	This image shows fixed tissue large hemorrhagic cyst in ovary with several corpora lutea for size comparison not sure of this diagnosis but sure looks like on autopsy diagnoses did not mention. Female reproductive is present. Ovary is present. Chocolate cyst is present.
811	This image shows 18 hours after cesarean section. Female reproductive is present. Uterus is present. Postpartum is present.
812	This image shows close-up view of endometrial surface 18 hours after a cesarean section. Female reproductive is present. Uterus is present. Postpartum is present.
813	This image shows 18 hours after cesarean section. Female reproductive is present. Uterus is present. Postpartum is present.
814	This image shows good close-up of needle tract with necrotic center. Female reproductive is present. Placenta is present.
815	This image shows close-up of cut surface of cervical myoma which is shown in relation to cervix and vagina. Female reproductive is present. Uterus is present. Cervical leiomyoma is present.
816	This image shows opened uterus and cervix with large cervical myoma protruding into vagina slide  is close-up of cut surface of this myoma. Female reproductive is present. Cervical leiomyoma is present.
817	This image shows view of uterus tubes and ovaries showing large nodular metastatic tumor masses on ovaries and peritoneal surface of uterus and douglas pouch outstanding photo primary was in the stomach this is true bilateral krukenberg. Female reproductive is present. Ovary is present. Krukenberg tumor is present.
818	This image shows not truly normal ovaries are non functional in this case of vacant sella but externally i can see nothing. Female reproductive is present.
819	This image shows infant organs clearly shown lesion. Female reproductive is present. Uterus is present. Bicornate uterus is present.
820	This image shows close-up external view of hemorrhagic mass. I cannot tell this is a corpus luteum from photo. Female reproductive is present. Ovary is present. Hemorrhagic corpus luteum is present.
821	This image shows opened uterus with adnexa and hemorrhagic mass in ovary. Female reproductive is present. Hemorrhagic corpus luteum is present.
822	This image shows excellent example with opened uterus and cervix and vagina. Female reproductive is present. Endocervical polyp is present.
823	This image shows  sectioned lesion with typical yellow color evident in places but cannot recognize tissue as ovary from this photo. Female reproductive is present. Thecoma is present.
824	This image shows seen from fetal surface term placenta. Female reproductive is present.
825	This image shows thick capsule with some cysts. Female reproductive is present. Ovary is present. Stein leventhal is present.
826	This image shows multiple typical lesions good depiction. Female reproductive is present. Uterus is present. Leiomyomas is present.
827	This image shows excellent example close-up photo of corpus luteum. Female reproductive is present. Ovary is present.
828	This good yellow color slide is labeled granulosa cell tumor but yellow color clearly indicates theca cells cannot recognize as ovary. Female reproductive is present. Ovary is present.
829	This image shows massive lesion taken at surgery size of basketball very good but not diagnostic of this lesion could show as a massive leiomyoma. Female reproductive is present. Ovary is present. Mucinous cystadenocarcinoma is present.
830	This lesion is open and shows two molar teeth. Female reproductive is present. Ovary is present. Benign cystic teratoma is present.
831	This partially fixed gross is not diagnostic. Female reproductive is present. Ovary is present. Granulosa cell tumor is present.
832	This image shows infant bicornate uterus. Female reproductive is present. Bicornate uterus is present.
833	This image shows cut surface of ovary close up breast primary. Female reproductive is present. Metastatic carcinoma is present.
834	This image shows excellent example of submucosal. Female reproductive is present. Uterus is present. Leiomyoma is present.
835	This image shows large mass lobular tumor lung primary. Female reproductive is present. Ovary is present. Metastatic carcinoma is present.
836	This image shows external view typical appearance but no tissue recognizable as ovary is present. Female reproductive is present. Mucinous cystadenocarcinoma is present.
837	This image shows excellent plastic coil with deep red endometrium and degenerating mural myoma. Female reproductive is present. Uterus is present. Intrauterine contraceptive device is present.
838	 Female reproductive is present. Uterus is present. Intrauterine contraceptive device is present.
839	This image shows excellent close-up of thickened and inflamed exocervix said to be invasive carcinoma. Female reproductive is present. Uterus is present. Cervical carcinoma is present.
840	The excellent uterus is in picture and thus illustrates the very large size of the ovarian tumor. Female reproductive is present. Ovary is present. Mucinous cystadenocarcinoma is present.
841	This image shows excellent example of peritoneal carcinomatosis with implants on serosal surfaces of uterus and ovaries said to be an adenocarcinoma. Female reproductive is present. Metastatic carcinoma is present.
842	This image shows excellent example of submucous myoma. Female reproductive is present. Uterus is present. Leiomyoma is present.
843	This image shows excellent example tumor labeled as invasive. Female reproductive is present. Uterus is present. Cervical carcinoma is present.
844	This image shows excellent example of rather large submucous myoma. Female reproductive is present. Uterus is present. Leiomyoma is present.
845	This image shows external view of bilateral cystic ovarian tumors with uterus slide labeled cystadenocarcinoma malignancy is not obvious from gross appearance. Female reproductive is present. Serous cystadenoma is present.
846	This image shows same as  except ovaries have been cut to show multiloculated nature of tumor masses. Female reproductive is present. Serous cystadenoma is present.
847	This typical thecoma with yellow foci is quite obvious. There is no ovary present to indicate the location of the tumor mass. Female reproductive is present. Thecoma is present.
848	This image shows ovaries and uterus with tumor mass. It is excellent to illustrate gross appearance of a thecoma. Female reproductive is present.
849	This image shows excellent example of brenner tumor. Female reproductive is present. Ovary is present.
850	This image shows uterus and ovaries with bilateral brenner tumors. Female reproductive is present.
851	This image shows good example typical dermoid with hair and sebaceous material. Female reproductive is present. Ovary is present. Benign cystic teratoma is present.
852	This image shows normal breast. Female reproductive is present.
853	This image shows normal breast. Female reproductive is present.
854	This image shows normal breast. Female reproductive is present.
855	This image shows normal breast. Female reproductive is present.
856	This image shows normal breast. Female reproductive is present.
857	This image shows normal breast. Female reproductive is present.
858	This image shows normal breast. Female reproductive is present.
859	This image shows uterus, leiomyoma. Female reproductive is present.
860	This image shows uterus, leiomyoma. Female reproductive is present.
861	This image shows uterus, leiomyoma. Female reproductive is present.
862	This image shows uterus, leiomyoma. Female reproductive is present.
863	This image shows uterus, leiomyoma. Female reproductive is present.
864	This image shows uterus, leiomyoma. Female reproductive is present.
865	This image shows uterus, leiomyoma. Female reproductive is present.
866	This image shows cervix, severe dysplasia to carcinoma in situ. Female reproductive is present.
867	This image shows cervix, squamocolumnar junction. Female reproductive is present.
868	This image shows cervix, mild dysplasia. Female reproductive is present.
869	This image shows cervix, mild dysplasia. Female reproductive is present.
870	This image shows cervix, moderate to severe dysplasia. Female reproductive is present.
871	This image shows cervix, squamous metaplasia. Female reproductive is present.
872	This image shows cervix, mild dysplasia. Female reproductive is present.
873	This image shows cervix, mild dysplasia. Female reproductive is present.
874	This image shows cervix, squamous metaplasia. Female reproductive is present.
875	This image shows cervix, squamous metaplasia. Female reproductive is present.
876	This image shows cervix, squamous metaplasia. Female reproductive is present.
877	This image shows normal uterus. Female reproductive is present.
878	This image shows normal uterus,  alpha smooth muscle actin immunohistochemical stain. Female reproductive is present.
879	This image shows normal uterus,  alpha smooth muscle actin immunohistochemical stain. Female reproductive is present.
880	This image shows leiomyoma, alpha smooth muscle actin immunohistochemical stain. Female reproductive is present.
881	This image shows leiomyoma, alpha smooth muscle actin immunohistochemical stain. Female reproductive is present.
882	This image shows leiomyoma, uterus. Female reproductive is present.
883	This image shows leiomyoma, uterus. Female reproductive is present.
884	This image shows normal ovary. Female reproductive is present.
885	This image shows uterus, leiomyomas. Female reproductive is present.
886	This image shows uterus, leiomyomas. Female reproductive is present.
887	This image shows uterus, leiomyomas. Female reproductive is present.
888	This image shows uterus, leiomyomas. Female reproductive is present.
889	This image shows uterus, leiomyomas. Female reproductive is present.
890	This image shows uterus, leiomyomas. Female reproductive is present.
891	This image shows leiomyoma, trichrome. Female reproductive is present.
892	This image shows leiomyoma. Female reproductive is present.
893	This image shows ovary, granulosa cell tumor. Female reproductive is present.
894	This image shows sickled maternal cells readily evident. Female reproductive is present. Placenta is present. Sickle cell disease is present.
895	This image shows nice view of tumor primarily stromal element. Female reproductive is present. Uterus is present. Mixed mesodermal tumor is present.
896	This image shows malignant gland and stoma well shown. Female reproductive is present. Uterus is present. Mixed mesodermal tumor is present.
897	This image shows malignant gland and stoma. Female reproductive is present. Uterus is present. Mixed mesodermal tumor is present.
898	 Female reproductive is present. Uterus is present. Mixed mesodermal tumor is present.
899	This image shows bizarre strap and fusiform cells. Female reproductive is present. Uterus is present. Mixed mesodermal tumor is present.
900	This image shows adenocarcinoma in pelvic peritoneum. Female reproductive is present. Uterus is present. Mixed mesodermal tumor is present.
901	 Female reproductive is present. Uterus is present. Fetus developing very early is present.
902	 Female reproductive is present. Uterus is present. Fetus developing very early is present.
903	This image shows shows early placental development. Female reproductive is present. Uterus is present. Fetus developing very early is present.
904	 Female reproductive is present. Uterus is present. Fetus developing very early is present.
905	 Female reproductive is present. Ovary is present. Hilar cell tumor is present.
906	This image shows excellent photo of pleomorphic spindle cell tumor with storiform pattern. Female reproductive is present. Uterus is present. Leiomyosarcoma is present.
907	 Female reproductive is present. Uterus is present. Leiomyosarcoma is present.
908	 Female reproductive is present. Placenta is present. Syncytial knots is present.
909	This image shows lymphocytic infiltrate on peritoneal surface. Female reproductive is present. Ovary is present. Malignant lymphoma is present.
910	This image shows colon, cryptosporidia. Gastrointestinal is present.
911	This image shows colon, cryptosporidia. Gastrointestinal is present.
912	This image shows colon biopsy, cryptosporidia. Gastrointestinal is present.
913	This image shows colon biopsy, cryptosporidia. Gastrointestinal is present.
914	This image shows colon biopsy, cryptosporidia. Gastrointestinal is present.
915	This image shows colon biopsy, cryptosporidia. Gastrointestinal is present.
916	This image shows colon biopsy, cryptosporidia. Gastrointestinal is present.
917	This image shows intestine, volvulus. Gastrointestinal is present.
918	This image shows esophagus, esophogeal varices. Gastrointestinal is present.
919	This image shows intestine, volvulus. Gastrointestinal is present.
920	This image shows normal esophagus. Gastrointestinal is present.
921	This image shows normal stomach. Gastrointestinal is present.
922	This image shows normal stomach. Gastrointestinal is present.
923	This image shows normal stomach. Gastrointestinal is present.
924	This image shows normal stomach. Gastrointestinal is present.
925	This image shows normal esophagus. Gastrointestinal is present.
926	This image shows normal colon. Gastrointestinal is present.
927	This image shows normal colon. Gastrointestinal is present.
928	This image shows normal appendix. Gastrointestinal is present.
929	This image shows normal appendix. Gastrointestinal is present.
930	This image shows stomach, necrotizing esophagitis and gastritis, sulfuric acid ingested as suicide attempt. Gastrointestinal is present.
931	This image shows stomach, necrotizing esophagitis and gastritis, sulfuric acid ingested as suicide attempt. Gastrointestinal is present.
932	This image shows stomach, necrotizing esophagitis and gastritis, sulfuric acid ingested as suicide attempt. Gastrointestinal is present.
933	This image shows duodenum, necrotizing enteritis with pseudomembrane, candida. Gastrointestinal is present.
934	This image shows stomach, petechial hemorrhages in a patient with disseminated intravascular coagulation (dic) and alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency. Gastrointestinal is present.
935	This image shows stomach, ulcerations and hemorrhages (nosogastric tube). alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency. Gastrointestinal is present.
936	This image shows small intestine, multifocal ulcers and hemorrhages, mucosal congestion. alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency. Gastrointestinal is present.
937	This image shows stomach, leiomyoma with ulcerated mucosal surface. Gastrointestinal is present.
938	This image shows stomach, leiomyoma with ulcerated mucosal surface. Gastrointestinal is present.
939	This image shows stomach, bacterial gastritis. Gastrointestinal is present.
940	This image shows mouth, herpes, ulcers. Gastrointestinal is present.
941	This image shows esophagus, herpes, ulcers. Gastrointestinal is present.
942	This image shows esohagus, candida. Gastrointestinal is present.
943	This image shows mouth, candida, thrush. Gastrointestinal is present.
944	This image shows esophogus, varices due to portal hypertension from cirrhosis, hcv. Gastrointestinal is present.
945	This image shows small intestine, ischemic bowel. Gastrointestinal is present.
946	This image shows small intestine, ischemic bowel. Gastrointestinal is present.
947	This image shows stomach, leiomyoma ulcerated. Gastrointestinal is present.
948	This image shows intestine, leiomyoma. Gastrointestinal is present.
949	This image shows sigmoid colon, diverticulosis and polyp. Gastrointestinal is present.
950	This image shows squamous cell carcinoma, lip remote, healed. Gastrointestinal is present.
951	This image shows squamous cell carcinoma, lip. Gastrointestinal is present.
952	This image shows squamous cell carcinoma, lip. Gastrointestinal is present.
953	This image shows squamous cell carcinoma, lip. Gastrointestinal is present.
954	This image shows squamous cell carcinoma, lip. Gastrointestinal is present.
955	This image shows stress ulcers, stomach. Gastrointestinal is present.
956	This image shows stress ulcers, stomach. Gastrointestinal is present.
957	This image shows stress ulcers, stomach. Gastrointestinal is present.
958	This image shows stomach, cushing ulcers. Gastrointestinal is present.
959	This image shows stomach and esophagus, ulcers. Gastrointestinal is present.
960	This image shows esophageal varices due to alcoholic cirrhosis. Gastrointestinal is present.
961	This image shows stomach and esophagus, ulcers. Gastrointestinal is present.
962	This image shows stomach and esophagus, ulcers. Gastrointestinal is present.
963	This image shows esophageal varices due to alcoholic cirrhosis. Gastrointestinal is present.
964	This image shows ischemic bowel. Gastrointestinal is present.
965	This image shows esophageal varices due to alcoholic cirrhosis. Gastrointestinal is present.
966	This image shows esophagus, leiomyoma. Gastrointestinal is present.
967	This image shows gastric ulcer. Gastrointestinal is present.
968	This image shows duodenal ulcer. Gastrointestinal is present.
969	This image shows duodenal ulcer. Gastrointestinal is present.
970	This image shows gastric ulcer. Gastrointestinal is present.
971	This image shows gastric ulcer. Gastrointestinal is present.
972	This image shows gastric ulcer. Gastrointestinal is present.
973	This image shows esophageal varices. Gastrointestinal is present.
974	This image shows esophageal varices. Gastrointestinal is present.
975	This image shows intestine in situ, congestion and early ischemic necrosis. Gastrointestinal is present.
976	This image shows hemorrhagic stress ulcers from patient with acute myelogenous leukemia. Gastrointestinal is present.
977	This image shows barrett's esophagus. Gastrointestinal is present.
978	This image shows colon polyposis. Gastrointestinal is present.
979	This image shows colon polyposis. Gastrointestinal is present.
980	This image shows gejunum, leiomyoma. Gastrointestinal is present.
981	This image shows ileum, regional enteritis. Gastrointestinal is present.
982	This image shows gejunum, diverticula. Gastrointestinal is present.
983	This image shows small intestine, typhoid. Gastrointestinal is present.
984	This image shows colon, amebic colitis. Gastrointestinal is present.
985	This image shows small intestine, meckels diverticulum. Gastrointestinal is present.
986	This image shows ileum, regional enteritis. Gastrointestinal is present.
987	This image shows colon, ischemic colitis. Gastrointestinal is present.
988	This image shows small intestine, regional enteritis. Gastrointestinal is present.
989	This image shows stomach, polyposis, multiple. Gastrointestinal is present.
990	This image shows stomach, giant rugose hypertrophy. Gastrointestinal is present.
991	This image shows colon, ulcerative colitis. Gastrointestinal is present.
992	This image shows colon, ulcerative colitis. Gastrointestinal is present.
993	This image shows small intestine, hodgkins lymphosarcoma. Gastrointestinal is present.
994	This image shows colon, ulcerative colitis. Gastrointestinal is present.
995	This image shows esophagus, leiomyoma. Gastrointestinal is present.
996	This image shows colon (sigmoid), adenocarcinoma, annular. Gastrointestinal is present.
997	This image shows esophagus, leiomyoma. Gastrointestinal is present.
998	This image shows esophagus, varices. Gastrointestinal is present.
999	This image shows esophagus, varices. Gastrointestinal is present.
1000	This image shows esophagus, leiomyoma. Gastrointestinal is present.
1001	This image shows stomach, healed peptic ulcer and bleeding duodenal ulcer. Gastrointestinal is present.
1002	This image shows esophagus, mallory-weiss tears. Gastrointestinal is present.
1003	This image shows stomach, peptic ulcer, chronic and peripheral carcinoma. Gastrointestinal is present.
1004	This image shows colon, ulcerative colitis. Gastrointestinal is present.
1005	This image shows esophagus, mallory-weiss tears. Gastrointestinal is present.
1006	This image shows colon, ulcerative colitis. Gastrointestinal is present.
1007	This image shows stomach, giant rugose hypertrophy. Gastrointestinal is present.
1008	This image shows colon, ulcerative colitis, mucosal detail. Gastrointestinal is present.
1009	This image shows stomach, polyposis, multiple. Gastrointestinal is present.
1010	This image shows stomach, adenocarcinoma. Gastrointestinal is present.
1011	This image shows esophagus, herpes esophagitis. Gastrointestinal is present.
1012	This image shows stomach, giant rugose hypertrophy. Gastrointestinal is present.
1013	This image shows colon, chronic ulcerative colitis, pseudopolyps. Gastrointestinal is present.
1014	This image shows ileum, ileitis due to chronic ulcerative colitis. Gastrointestinal is present.
1015	This image shows colon, chronic ulcerative colitis. Gastrointestinal is present.
1016	This image shows appendix, acute appendicitis with gangreene. Gastrointestinal is present.
1017	This image shows stomach, necrotizing esophagitis and gastritis, sulfuric acid ingested as suicide attempt. Gastrointestinal is present.
1018	This image shows stomach, necrotizing esophagitis and gastritis, sulfuric acid ingested as suicide attempt. Gastrointestinal is present.
1019	This image shows stomach, necrotizing esophagitis and gastritis, sulfuric acid ingested as suicide attempt. Gastrointestinal is present.
1020	This image shows stomach, necrotizing esophagitis and gastritis, sulfuric acid ingested as suicide attempt. Gastrointestinal is present.
1021	This image shows duodenum, necrotizing enteritis with pseudomembrane, candida. Gastrointestinal is present.
1022	This image shows duodenum, necrotizing enteritis with pseudomembrane, candida. Gastrointestinal is present.
1023	This image shows duodenum, necrotizing enteritis with pseudomembrane, candida. Gastrointestinal is present.
1024	This image shows stomach, leiomyoma with ulcerated mucosal surface. Gastrointestinal is present.
1025	This image shows cryptosporidia, acid fast stain of feces. Gastrointestinal is present.
1026	This image shows colon, cryptosporidia. Gastrointestinal is present.
1027	This image shows colon, cryptosporidia. Gastrointestinal is present.
1028	This image shows colon, cryptosporidia. Gastrointestinal is present.
1029	This image shows esophagus, herpes, ulcers. Gastrointestinal is present.
1030	This image shows esophagus, herpes ulcers with inclusion bodies. Gastrointestinal is present.
1031	This image shows colon biopsy, mycobacterium avium-intracellularae. Gastrointestinal is present.
1032	This image shows esohagus, candida, silver stain. Gastrointestinal is present.
1033	This image shows colon biopsy, mycobacterium avium-intracellularae. Gastrointestinal is present.
1034	This image shows colon biopsy, mycobacterium avium-intracellularae, acid fast stain. Gastrointestinal is present.
1035	This image shows esohagus, candida. Gastrointestinal is present.
1036	This image shows esohagus, candida. Gastrointestinal is present.
1037	This image shows esophogus, varices due to portal hypertension from cirrhosis, hcv. Gastrointestinal is present.
1038	This image shows esophogus, varices (portal hypertension due to cirrhosis, hcv. Gastrointestinal is present.
1039	This image shows stomach, chronic peptic ulcer. Gastrointestinal is present.
1040	This image shows appendix, acute appendicitis with ulceration of mucosa. Gastrointestinal is present.
1041	This image shows stomach, chronic peptic ulcer. Gastrointestinal is present.
1042	This image shows appendix, acute appendicitis. Gastrointestinal is present.
1043	This image shows appendix, normal histology. Gastrointestinal is present.
1044	This image shows appendix, normal histology. Gastrointestinal is present.
1045	This image shows esophagus. Gastrointestinal is present.
1046	This image shows esophagus, varices. Gastrointestinal is present.
1047	This image shows esophagus, varices. Gastrointestinal is present.
1048	This image shows normal appendix. Gastrointestinal is present.
1049	This image shows normal appendix. Gastrointestinal is present.
1050	This image shows normal appendix. Gastrointestinal is present.
1051	This image shows normal appendix. Gastrointestinal is present.
1052	This image shows tongue, herpes ulcer. Gastrointestinal is present.
1053	This image shows tongue, herpes ulcer. Gastrointestinal is present.
1054	This image shows intestine, leiomyoma. Gastrointestinal is present.
1055	This image shows oral dysplasia, neu. Gastrointestinal is present.
1056	This image shows oral dysplasia, neu. Gastrointestinal is present.
1057	This image shows leukoplakia, egf receptor. Gastrointestinal is present.
1058	This image shows oral dysplasia, tgf-gamma. Gastrointestinal is present.
1059	This image shows oral dysplasia, egf receptor. Gastrointestinal is present.
1060	This image shows colon, adenomatous polyp. Gastrointestinal is present.
1061	This image shows colon, adenomatous polyp. Gastrointestinal is present.
1062	This image shows colon, adenomatous polyp. Gastrointestinal is present.
1063	This image shows colon, adenomatous polyp. Gastrointestinal is present.
1064	This image shows thrombosed esophageal varices. Gastrointestinal is present.
1065	This image shows small intestine, regional enteritis. Gastrointestinal is present.
1066	This image shows stomach, chronic peptic ulcer. Gastrointestinal is present.
1067	This image shows duodenum, chronic pepetic ulcer. Gastrointestinal is present.
1068	This image shows small intestine, tuberculous ileitis. Gastrointestinal is present.
1069	This image shows esophagus, varices. Gastrointestinal is present.
1070	This image shows colon, ulcerative colitis. Gastrointestinal is present.
1071	This image shows small intestine, regional enteritis. Gastrointestinal is present.
1072	This image shows stomach, adenomatous polyp and malignant focus. Gastrointestinal is present.
1073	This image shows stomach, giant rugose hyperplasia. Gastrointestinal is present.
1074	This image shows stomach, giant rugose hyperplasia. Gastrointestinal is present.
1075	This image shows stomach, giant rugose hyperplasia. Gastrointestinal is present.
1076	This image shows colon, chronic ulcerative colitis. Gastrointestinal is present.
1077	This image shows colon, regional enteritis. Gastrointestinal is present.
1078	This image shows colon, strongyloidiasis. Gastrointestinal is present.
1079	This image shows colon, amebic colitis. Gastrointestinal is present.
1080	This image shows colon, chronic ulcerative colitis, pseudopolyps. Gastrointestinal is present.
1081	This image shows intestine, carcinoid tumor. Gastrointestinal is present.
1082	This image shows stomach, subacute peptic ulcer. Gastrointestinal is present.
1083	This image shows colon, villous polyp and adenocarcinoma. Gastrointestinal is present.
1084	This image shows colon, adenocarcinoma. Gastrointestinal is present.
1085	 Gastrointestinal is present. Esophagus is present. Metastatic carcinoma breast is present.
1086	This image shows quite good photo of ectopic pancreas. Gastrointestinal is present. Jejunum is present.
1087	This image shows not the best photo but a good illustration of lesion. Gastrointestinal is present. Jejunum is present. Ectopic pancreas is present.
1088	This image shows good example can tell even at this what the tumor is. Gastrointestinal is present. Small intestine is present. Metastatic malignant melanoma is present.
1089	This image shows about as good as your can get. Gastrointestinal is present. Esophagus is present. Varices is present.
1090	This image shows tunica propria granulomas. Gastrointestinal is present. Esophagus is present. Sarcoidosis is present.
1091	This image shows carcinoma on peritoneal side of muscularis. Gastrointestinal is present. Colon is present. Metastatic carcinoma is present.
1092	This image shows good example of veins filled with blood. Gastrointestinal is present. Esophagus is present. Varices is present.
1093	This image shows good example of varices. Gastrointestinal is present. Esophagus is present.
1094	This image shows exceptional view of an uncomplicated diverticulum. Gastrointestinal is present. Colon is present.
1095	This image shows worms no appendix structures. Gastrointestinal is present. Pinworm is present.
1096	This image shows organisms not appendix structures in photo. Gastrointestinal is present. Pinworm is present.
1097	This typical and good photo cannot see structures to identify this section as esophagus. Gastrointestinal is present. Esophagus is present. Varices is present.
1098	This image shows typical infiltrating adenocarcinoma extending to serosal fat. Gastrointestinal is present. Colon is present.
1099	This image shows excellent photo typical adenocarcinoma extending through muscularis to serosa. Gastrointestinal is present. Colon is present.
1100	This image shows typical infiltrating adenocarcinoma. Gastrointestinal is present. Colon is present.
1101	This image shows typical infiltrating adenocarcinoma and normal mucosa. Gastrointestinal is present. Colon is present.
1102	This image shows nice photo with obvious tumor in mucosa. Gastrointestinal is present. Colon is present. Carcinoma superficial spreading is present.
1103	This image shows typical histology for colon adenocarcinoma. Gastrointestinal is present. Colon is present.
1104	This image shows typical excellent pinworm. Gastrointestinal is present. Appendix is present. Pinworm is present.
1105	This image shows trophozoites in tissue. Gastrointestinal is present. Colon is present. Amebiasis is present.
1106	This image shows trophozoite source. Gastrointestinal is present. Colon is present. Amebiasis is present.
1107	This image shows inclusion bodies. Gastrointestinal is present. Stomach is present. Cytomegalovirus is present.
1108	This image shows source of granulomatous colitis. Gastrointestinal is present. Colon is present.
1109	This image shows source of granulomatous colitis. Gastrointestinal is present. Colon is present.
1110	This image shows  pas hematoxylin. Gastrointestinal is present. Intestine is present. Whipples disease is present.
1111	 Gastrointestinal is present. Stomach is present. Hypertrophic gastritis is present.
1112	 Gastrointestinal is present. Colon is present. Villous adenoma is present.
1113	 Gastrointestinal is present. Colon is present. Villous adenoma is present.
1114	This image shows med alcian blue with apparently eosin counterstain enlarged villus with many macrophages source. Gastrointestinal is present. Intestine is present. Whipples disease is present.
1115	This image shows med pas hematoxylin excellent demonstration source. Gastrointestinal is present. Intestine is present. Whipples disease is present.
1116	This image shows med pas hematoxylin section of mucosa excellent example source. Gastrointestinal is present. Intestine is present. Whipples disease is present.
1117	This image shows x-ray barium study gastric polyp. Gastrointestinal is present. Stomach is present.
1118	This image shows body on autopsy table lesion that supposedly predicts premature coronary disease is easily seen. Ear lobe horizontal crease is present.
1119	 Face is present. Bilateral cleft palate is present.
1120	This image shows lateral view close-up typical. Anencephaly is present.
1121	This image shows frontal view close-up. Anencephaly and bilateral cleft palate is present.
1122	This image shows photo of whole body showing head laterally with no chin. Micrognathia triploid fetus is present.
1123	This image shows fixed tissue saggital section stenotic foramen magnum. Bone, calvarium is present. Rheumatoid arthritis is present.
1124	This image shows stenotic foramen magnum in situs excellent example. Bone, calvarium is present. Rheumatoid arthritis is present.
1125	This image shows top of calvaria typical lesions source. Multiple myeloma is present.
1126	This image shows view into foramen magnum marked narrowing due to subluxation odontoid process second cervical vertebra. Odontoid process subluxation with narrowing of foramen magnum is present.
1127	This image shows close-up view of foramen magnum. Odontoid process subluxation with narrowing of foramen magnum is present.
1128	This protocol also has basal skull fracture chronic subdural hematoma malignant lymphoma and acute myelogenous leukemia. Temporal muscle hemorrhage is present.
1129	This image shows severe body burns 24 hours anasarca. Face is present. Edema is present.
1130	 Malformed base is present.
1131	This image shows absence of palpebral fissure cleft palate large head see protocol for details. Complex Craniofacial Abnormalities is present.
1132	 Face is present. Cyclops is present.
1133	This image shows close-up of head typical. Bilateral cleft palate is present.
1134	 Face is present. Bilateral cleft palate is present.
1135	 Bone, calvarium is present. Basilar skull fracture is present.
1136	This image shows good close-up. Bone, calvarium is present. Basal skull fracture is present.
1137	This image shows fixed tissue dissected eyes. Conjoined twins cephalothoracopagus janiceps is present.
1138	This image shows opened skull showing base with two foramina magna. Bone, skull is present. Conjoined twins cephalothoracopagus janiceps is present.
1139	This image shows close-up of linear fracture very well. Bone, calvarium is present. Basilar skull fracture is present.
1140	This image shows jaundice due to terminal alcoholic cirrhosis with shock and typical facial appearance of edema due to generalized capillary permeability increase or shock.
1141	This image shows grotesque. Anencephaly is present.
1142	 Anencephaly is present.
1143	 Lymphangiomatosis is present.
1144	This image shows opened scalp to show small cranium inside of boggy edematous scalp. Lymphangiomatosis is present.
1145	This image shows close-up bilateral fractures. Basilar skull fracture is present.
1146	This image shows opened skull looking into foramina magna single fused calvarium twins with separate brainstems. Cephalothoracopagus janiceps is present.
1147	 Face is present. Beckwith-wiedemann syndrome is present.
1148	This image shows lateral view of head with ear lobe crease and web neck other photos in file are anterior face  whole body showing diastasis recti  and kidneys with bilateral pelvic-ureteral strictures. Beckwith-wiedemann syndrome is present.
1149	This image shows opened base of skull with brain removed and lesion easily seen on surface right petrous bone. Fibrous meningioma is present.
1150	This image shows left side lesion. Face is present. Cleft palate is present.
1151	 Cephalohematoma is present.
1152	This image shows skull cap with obvious metastatic lesion seen on inner table prostate primary. Metastatic carcinoma is present.
1153	This image shows close-up of obvious lesion primary in prostate. Metastatic carcinoma is present.
1154	 Face is present. Cyclops is present.
1155	 Face is present. Bilateral cleft palate is present.
1156	 Face is present. Potters facies is present.
1157	This image shows view of low set ears and showing receding chin. Potters facies is present.
1158	This image shows opened cranial vault with many frontal and right temporal fossa fractures. Bone, calvarium is present. Basilar skull fracture is present.
1159	This image shows view of head with scalp retracted to show massive fractures. Bone, calvarium is present.
1160	This image shows view of petrous portion temporal bone rather close-up 22yo man 37 foot fall. Basilar skull fracture is present.
1161	This image shows close-up view of meaty appearing metastatic lesion in temporal and posterior fossa. Bone, skull is present. Metastatic carcinoma is present.
1162	This image shows close-up view of bone with hemorrhagic excavations. Multiple myeloma is present.
1163	This image shows close-up view of hemorrhagic excavation quite good. Bone, skull is present. Multiple myeloma is present.
1164	This image shows right side atresia left was patent hemisection of nose. Choanal atresia is present.
1165	This image shows hemisection of nose left side showing patency right side was not patent. Choanal patency is present.
1166	This looks more like a gunshot wound. Bone, calvarium is present. Basilar skull fracture is present.
1167	This image shows view of middle ear areas with obvious hemorrhage in under-lying tissue. Bone, calvarium is present. Basilar skull fracture is present.
1168	This image shows skull cap with obvious metastatic lesions primary in pancreas. Bone, calvarium is present. Metastatic pancreas carcinoma is present.
1169	This image shows several rather large lesions. Bone, calvarium is present. Exostosis is present.
1170	This image shows lateral view of infants head showing mandibular lesion. Pierre robin sndrome is present.
1171	This image shows view of base of skull with several well shown fractures. Bone, calvarium is present. Basilar skull fracture is present.
1172	This image shows close-up view of base of skull with several well shown fractures. Bone, calvarium is present. Basilar skull fracture is present.
1173	This image shows close-up view of lesions slide which is brain from this case. Bone, calvarium is present. Basilar skull fracture is present.
1174	This image shows fractures brain which is slide and close-up view of these fractures is slide . Bone, calvarium is present. Basilar skull fracture is present.
1175	This image shows head tilted with mouth opened to show large defect very good illustration of this lesion. Face is present. Bilateral cleft palate is present.
1176	This image shows whole body after autopsy with covered incision very good representation of mongoloid facies and one hand is opened to show simian crease quite good example. Downs syndrome is present.
1177	This image shows close-up view well shown fracture line. Bone, calvarium is present. Basilar skull fracture is present.
1178	 Bone, calvarium is present. Basilar skull fracture is present.
1179	This image shows multiple fractures very well. Bone, calvarium is present. Basilar skull fracture is present.
1180	 Face is present. Bilateral cleft palate is present.
1181	 Bone, calvarium is present. Basilar skull fracture is present.
1182	This image shows photos of lady before disease and after excellent. Face is present. Cushings disease is present.
1183	This image shows close-up natural color dr garcia tumors b67. Bone, calvarium is present. Meningioma in posterior fossa is present.
1184	This image shows black and white dr garcia tumors b68. Bone, clivus is present. Chordoma is present.
1185	This image shows anterior fossa lesion dr garcia tumors b42. Bone, calvarium is present. Meningioma is present.
1186	This image shows dr garcia tumors b6. Bone, calvarium is present. Lymphoma is present.
1187	This image shows fixed tissue sagittal section of entire head with large lesion replacing skull in occiput and growing into cranial vault and scalp dr garcia tumors b7. Bone, calvarium is present. Metastatic neuroblastoma is present.
1188	This image shows dr garcia tumors b4. Bone, calvarium is present. Metastatic lung carcinoma is present.
1189	This image shows dr garcia tumors b5. Bone, calvarium is present. Multiple myeloma is present.
1190	This image shows multiple fractures. Bone, calvarium is present. Basilar skull fracture is present.
1191	This image shows large nodular osteoma in right temporal fossa. Bone, calvarium is present.
1192	This image shows view of head with huge ulcerated mass where tumor grew to outside. Maxillary sinus is present. Squamous cell carcinoma is present.
1193	This image shows external view bilateral cleft palate.
1194	This image shows easily seen lesion extending up midline to vertex . Bone, calvarium is present. Linear fracture in occiput is present.
1195	This image shows sagittal section of atlas vertebra and occipital bone foramen magnum stenosis case 31 . Bone, calvarium is present. Rheumatoid arthritis is present.
1196	This image shows stenosis of foramen magnum due to subluxation of atlas vertebra case 31. Bone, calvarium is present. Rheumatoid arthritis is present.
1197	This image shows close-up of foramen magnum stenosis due to subluxation of atlas vertebra case 31 . Bone, calvarium is present. Rheumatoid arthritis is present.
1198	This image shows sagittal section of atlas vertebra and occipital bone foramen magnum stenosis case 31 . Bone, calvarium is present. Rheumatoid arthritis is present.
1199	This image shows frontal sinuses inflammation and pus well shown. Purulent sinusitis is present.
1200	 Potters facies is present.
1201	This image shows bilateral. Bone, calvarium is present. Basilar skull fracture is present.
1202	This image shows inner table view multiple venous lakes. Bone, calvarium is present.
1203	 Face is present. Von recklinghausens disease is present.
1204	 Face is present. Bilateral cleft palate is present.
1205	This image shows extensive lesions. Face is present. Herpes zoster is present.
1206	 Face is present. Potters facies is present.
1207	This image shows multiple fractures very good. Bone, calvarium is present. Basilar skull fracture is present.
1208	This image shows fracture line well shown very thin skull eggshell type . Bone, calvarium is present. Fracture is present.
1209	 Eye is present. Arcus senilis is present.
1210	This image shows very good example associated with tuberous sclerosis. Face is present. Adenoma sebaceum is present.
1211	The unknown origin in mandible is a guess. Bone, mandible is present. Ameloblastoma is present.
1212	 Bone, mandible is present. Ameloblastoma is present.
1213	 Eye is present. Cysticercosis is present.
1214	This image shows x-ray skull cap multiple lytic lesions prostate adenocarcinoma. Bone, skull is present. Metastatic carcinoma x-ray is present.
1215	This image shows x-ray showing large sella turcica. Bone, calvarium is present. Chromophobe adenoma is present.
1216	This image shows electron micrograph. Hematologic is present. Thymus is present. Thymoma is present.
1217	This image shows neutrophils and basophil. Hematologic is present. Blood is present. Leukocytes is present.
1218	This image shows spleen, normal. Hematologic is present.
1219	This image shows spleen, normal. Hematologic is present.
1220	This image shows spleen, normal. Hematologic is present.
1221	This image shows spleen, infarcts, disseminated intravascular coagulation. Hematologic is present.
1222	This image shows spleen, infarcts,  thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura. Hematologic is present.
1223	This image shows spleen, congestion. wilson's disease. Hematologic is present.
1224	This image shows spleen, congestion in a patient with disseminated intravascular coagulation (dic) and alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency. Hematologic is present.
1225	This image shows spleen, chronic congestion and hemorrhage .  alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency. Hematologic is present.
1226	This image shows spleen, atrophy and fibrosis. sickle cell disease.. Hematologic is present.
1227	This image shows splenic infarct. Hematologic is present.
1228	This image shows spleen, chronic congestion (spenomegaly) due to portal hypertension from cirrhosis, hcv. Hematologic is present.
1229	This image shows spleen, chronic congestion (spenomegaly) due to portal hypertension from cirrhosis, hcv. Hematologic is present.
1230	This image shows spleen, normal spleen. Hematologic is present.
1231	This image shows amyloid, spleen. Hematologic is present.
1232	This image shows sickle cell disease, spleen. Hematologic is present.
1233	This image shows spleen, fungal abscesses, candida. Hematologic is present.
1234	This image shows spleen, tuberculosis, granulomas. Hematologic is present.
1235	This image shows spleen, tuberculosis. Hematologic is present.
1236	This image shows spleen, tuberculosis. Hematologic is present.
1237	This image shows splenic infarcts. Hematologic is present.
1238	This image shows spleen, metastasis of malignant melanoma. Hematologic is present.
1239	This image shows spleen, hyaline perisplenitis associated with ascites. Hematologic is present.
1240	This image shows several slices with obvious lesion and one external view excellent example. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Infarct is present.
1241	This image shows congested spleen infarct easily seen. Hematologic is present.
1242	This image shows large yellow lesion probably several weeks of age. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Infarct is present.
1243	This image shows large and typically shaped old infarct but far from fibrotic. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present.
1244	This image shows cut surface typical. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Metastatic carcinoma breast is present.
1245	This image shows cut surface. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Sarcoidosis is present.
1246	This image shows cut surface granulomas faint but there. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Sarcoidosis is present.
1247	This image shows close-up excellent example. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Traumatic rupture is present.
1248	This image shows close-up of ruptured area very good. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Traumatic rupture is present.
1249	This image shows external view huge spleen. Hematologic is present. Splenomegaly with cirrhosis is present.
1250	This image shows fixed tissue but color not too bad single typical lesion. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Granuloma is present.
1251	This image shows three cut sections many lesions several days of age. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Infarcts is present.
1252	This image shows external view several capsule lacerations easily seen. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Traumatic rupture is present.
1253	This image shows cut surface prominent lymph follicles size appears normal see other sides this case. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Lymphoma is present.
1254	This image shows cut surface of spleen with an infarct several days of age excellent photo. Hematologic is present.
1255	This image shows external view with several tears in capsule. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Laceration is present.
1256	This image shows cut surface of spleen with one large infarct classical embolus from nonbacterial endocarditis on mitral valve. Hematologic is present.
1257	 Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Infarction secondary to shock is present.
1258	This image shows external view case of situs ambiguous partial left isomerism. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Bilobed is present.
1259	This image shows i am not sure of diagnosis but this is a thymus. Hematologic is present. Thymus is present. Thymoma is present.
1260	This image shows sectioned spleen showing lesion very well. Hematologic is present. Subcapsular hematoma is present.
1261	 Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Polysplenia is present.
1262	This image shows spleen with three accessories 32yobf left isomerism and complex congenital heart disease. Hematologic is present. Polysplenia is present.
1263	This image shows fixed tissue cut surface congested parenchyma with obvious granulomas. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Tuberculosis is present.
1264	 Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Metastatic carcinoma colon is present.
1265	 Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Metastatic carcinoma colon is present.
1266	 Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Infarct is present.
1267	 Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Infarct is present.
1268	This image shows typical dark infarct. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present.
1269	This image shows cut surface with typical healed granuloma. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present.
1270	This image shows cut surface with remote and now healed infarct quite typical embolus for aortic valve prosthesis. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present.
1271	This image shows close-up of cut surface showing two typical old granulomas. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present.
1272	 Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Traumatic rupture is present.
1273	This image shows very enlarged spleen with multiple infarcts infiltrative process is easily seen. Hematologic is present. Chronic myelogenous leukemia in blast crisis is present.
1274	This image shows sectioned vertebrae with no red marrow case of chronic myelogenous leukemia in blast crisis. Hematologic is present. Bone marrow is present.
1275	This image shows typical lesion about a week or more of age. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Infarct is present.
1276	This image shows cut surface multiple nodular lesions. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Malignant histiocytosis is present.
1277	This image shows close-up view of infarcts due to nonbacterial endocarditis 88yom with body burns. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present.
1278	 Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Traumatic rupture is present.
1279	This image shows excellent side with four infarcts shown which are several days of age from nonbacterial endocarditis. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present.
1280	This image shows slice of spleen with multiple nodules. Hematologic is present. Malignant histiocytosis is present.
1281	This image shows thoracic organs dissected to show super cava and region of tumor invasion quite good. Hematologic is present. Thymus is present. Malignant thymoma is present.
1282	This image shows opened right atrium and superior vena cava showing thrombus and tumor occlusion of cava extending into atrium. Hematologic is present. Thymus is present. Malignant thymoma is present.
1283	This image shows section through mediastinum to show tumor surrounding vessels. Hematologic is present. Thymus is present. Malignant thymoma is present.
1284	This image shows section through mediastinal structure showing tumor about aorta and pulmonary arteries. Hematologic is present. Thymus is present. Malignant thymoma is present.
1285	This photo shows no recognizable tumor the superior vena cava immediately below the innominate vein is invaded by the tumor and has a bulbous appearance. Hematologic is present. Thymus is present. Malignant thymoma is present.
1286	This image shows external view of lacerations of capsule apparently done during surgical procedure. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Traumatic rupture is present.
1287	This image shows external view of spleen with obvious metastatic nodule beneath capsule. Hematologic is present. Metastatic colon carcinoma is present.
1288	This image shows large and very typical metastatic lesions in spleen very well shown. Hematologic is present. Metastatic colon cancer is present.
1289	This image shows section of spleen through hilum show tumor mass in hilum slide and large metastatic nodules in spleen. this photo makes one wonder whether node metastases spread into the spleen in this case. Hematologic is present. Metastatic colon carcinoma is present.
1290	This image shows section through spleen with large well shown healing infarct. Hematologic is present.
1291	This image shows close-up view of vertebral marrow not too spectacular discs are well shown and normal also entered into this file as normal discs slide. Hematologic is present. Bone marrow is present. Chronic myelogenous leukemia is present.
1292	This image shows cut surface with apparent infiltrative process case of chronic lymphocytic leukemia progressing to acute lymphocytic leukemia. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present.
1293	The parenchyma appears to be infiltrated with something but could be simply necrosis due to terminal sepsis which this person had. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Hodgkins disease is present.
1294	This image shows close-up with obvious small infiltrates of something. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Chronic lymphocytic leukemia is present.
1295	This image shows cut surface with focal infiltrate. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Hodgkins disease is present.
1296	 Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Hemangioma is present.
1297	This image shows massively enlarged spleen with large infarcts seen from capsule. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Chronic myelogenous leukemia is present.
1298	This image shows very nice close-up shot of typical metastatic lesion primary tumor in colon. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Metastatic carcinoma is present.
1299	This image shows typical lacerations. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Traumatic rupture is present.
1300	This image shows tail of pancreas with spleens. Hematologic is present. Accessory spleens is present.
1301	This image shows external view of massively enlarged spleen with purple color. Hematologic is present. Chronic lymphocytic leukemia is present.
1302	This image shows whole spleen massively enlarged. Hematologic is present. Chronic myelogenous leukemia is present.
1303	This image shows enlarged spleen with rather obvious infiltrate. Hematologic is present. Myelomonocytic leukemia is present.
1304	This image appears as large mass of matted nodes like malignant lymphoma. Hematologic is present. Thymus is present.
1305	This image shows single metastatic appearing lesion is quite large diagnosis was reticulum cell sarcoma. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Large cell lymphoma is present.
1306	This image shows fixed tissue typical swiss cheese appearance of tissue with this artefact. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Clostridial postmortem growth is present.
1307	 Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Miliary tuberculosis is present.
1308	This image shows cut surface showing very thickened capsule with focal calcification very good close-up photo. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Sugar coated is present.
1309	This image shows external view of massively enlarged spleen. Hematologic is present. Acute myelogenous leukemia is present.
1310	 Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Acute myelogenous leukemia is present.
1311	This image shows cut surface of spleen with multiple recent infarcts very good example. Hematologic is present.
1312	This image shows external view of spleen with multiple recent infarcts cut surface is slide. Hematologic is present.
1313	This image shows excellentremote infarct with yellow centers. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present.
1314	 Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Metastatic carcinoma is present.
1315	This image shows cut surface with multiple small infiltrates that simulate granulomata diagnosed as reticulum cell sarcoma. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Malignant lymphoma is present.
1316	This image shows yellow infarct with band of reactive hyperemia. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present.
1317	This image shows excellent example of old spleen infarct. Hematologic is present.
1318	This image shows Breast cancer metastasis to bone marrow. Hematologic is present.
1319	This image shows Breast cancer metastasis to bone marrow. Hematologic is present.
1320	This image shows thymus, stress induce involution in baby with hyaline membrane disease. Hematologic is present.
1321	This image shows thymus, stress induce involution in baby with hyaline membrane disease. Hematologic is present.
1322	This image shows spleen, chronic congestion (spenomegaly) due to portal hypertension from cirrhosis, hcv. Hematologic is present.
1323	This image shows gaucher disease. Hematologic is present.
1324	This image shows gaucher disease. Hematologic is present.
1325	This image shows gaucher disease. Hematologic is present.
1326	This image shows gaucher disease. Hematologic is present.
1327	This image shows spleen, cytomegalovirus. Hematologic is present.
1328	 Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Erythrophagocytosis new born is present.
1329	This image shows typical structured thrombus quite good. Hematologic is present.
1330	 Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Amyloidosis is present.
1331	 Hematologic is present. Bone marrow is present. Multiple myeloma is present.
1332	 Hematologic is present. Bone marrow is present. Multiple myeloma is present.
1333	This image shows surgical specimen. Hematologic is present. Thymus is present. Thymoma is present.
1334	This image shows predominant epithelial excellent histology. Hematologic is present. Thymus is present. Thymoma is present.
1335	This image shows epithelial predominant. Hematologic is present. Thymus is present. Thymoma is present.
1336	This image shows cell detail good epithelial dominance. Hematologic is present. Thymus is present. Thymoma is present.
1337	This image shows epithelial lesion surgical path. Hematologic is present. Thymus is present. Thymoma is present.
1338	This image shows predominant epithelial component. Hematologic is present. Thymus is present. Thymoma is present.
1339	This image shows predominant epithelial component. Hematologic is present. Thymus is present. Thymoma is present.
1340	This image shows cellular detail well shown. Hematologic is present. Thymus is present. Thymoma is present.
1341	This image shows ring form. Hematologic is present. Blood is present. Malaria plasmodium vivax is present.
1342	This image shows wrights excellent. Hematologic is present. Blood is present. Malaria plasmodium vivax is present.
1343	This image shows wrights excellent. Hematologic is present. Blood is present. Malaria plasmodium vivax is present.
1344	This therapy had not knocked out leukemia cells. Hematologic is present. Bone marrow is present. Acute myelogenous leukemia is present.
1345	This image shows oil wrights excellent ring form. Hematologic is present. Blood is present. Malaria plasmodium vivax is present.
1346	This image shows oil wrights excellent. Hematologic is present. Blood is present. Malaria plasmodium vivax is present.
1347	This image shows oil wrights excellent. Hematologic is present. Blood is present. Malaria plasmodium vivax is present.
1348	 Hematologic is present. Thymus is present. Malignant thymoma is present.
1349	 Hematologic is present. Bone marrow is present. Gaucher cell is present.
1350	This image shows oil wrights excellent tropho. Hematologic is present. Blood is present. Malaria plasmodium vivax is present.
1351	This image shows oil wrights. Hematologic is present. Blood is present. Malaria plasmodium vivax is present.
1352	This image shows oil wrights very good. Hematologic is present. Blood is present. Malaria plasmodium vivax is present.
1353	This image shows wrights single cell easily seen. Hematologic is present. Bone marrow is present. Gaucher cell is present.
1354	This image shows oil immersion wrights typical cell. Hematologic is present. Bone marrow is present. Gaucher cell is present.
1355	This image shows wrights typical cell. Hematologic is present. Bone marrow is present. Gaucher cell is present.
1356	This image shows wrights. Hematologic is present. Bone marrow is present. Gaucher cell is present.
1357	This image shows wrights in macrophage. Hematologic is present. Blood is present. Candida in peripheral blood is present.
1358	This image shows wrights yeast forms. Hematologic is present. Blood is present. Candida in peripheral blood is present.
1359	This image shows wrights budding yeast forms. Hematologic is present. Blood is present. Candida in peripheral blood is present.
1360	This image shows wrights yeast form in a neutrophil. Hematologic is present. Blood is present. Candida in peripheral blood is present.
1361	This image shows wrights. Hematologic is present. Blood is present. Candida in peripheral blood is present.
1362	This image shows pseudohyphal forms. Hematologic is present. Blood is present. Candida in peripheral blood is present.
1363	 Hematologic is present. Bone marrow is present. Tuberculosis is present.
1364	This image shows typical cells with some pleomorphism suspicious for multiple myeloma source unknown. Hematologic is present. Bone marrow is present. Plasma cell is present.
1365	This image shows wrights. Hematologic is present. Bone marrow is present. Plasma cell is present.
1366	This image shows wrights not the best photograph for color but nuclear change is obvious source unknown. Hematologic is present. Blood is present. Hypersegmented neutrophil is present.
1367	This image shows wrights typical cells. Hematologic is present. Bone marrow is present. Megaloblasts pernicious anemia is present.
1368	This image shows wrights typical cells. Hematologic is present. Bone marrow is present. Megaloblasts pernicious anemia is present.
1369	This image shows wrights. Hematologic is present. Bone marrow is present. Histiocyte is present.
1370	This image shows wrights typical well differentiated plasma cells source unknown. Hematologic is present. Bone marrow is present. Plasma cell is present.
1371	This image shows med many atypical plasma cells easily seen. Hematologic is present. Bone marrow is present. Multiple myeloma is present.
1372	This image shows wrights very good example. Hematologic is present. Bone marrow is present. Le cell is present.
1373	This image shows wrights vacuolated erythroblast source unknown. Hematologic is present. Bone marrow is present. Chloramphenicol toxicity is present.
1374	This image shows iron stain excellent example source unknown. Hematologic is present. Bone marrow is present. Sideroblasts is present.
1375	 Hematologic is present. Thymus is present. Normal immature infant is present.
1376	 Hematologic is present. Thymus is present. Normal immature infant is present.
1377	 Hematologic is present. Thymus is present. Normal immature infant is present.
1378	This image shows wrights stain pleomorphic leukemic cells in peripheral blood prior to therapy. Hematologic is present. Blood is present. Acute monocytic leukemia is present.
1379	This image shows wrights stain pleomorphic leukemic cells in peripheral blood prior to therapy. Hematologic is present. Blood is present. Acute monocytic leukemia is present.
1380	This image shows hassalls corpuscle with fibrosis in periphery of surrounding lymphoid follicle lesion has been seen with history of previous epstein barr virus infection cha90 14. Hematologic is present. Thymus is present. Follicular fibrosis suggesting previous viral infection is present.
1381	This image shows necrotizing granuloma but difficult to discern at this too low magnification. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Miliary tuberculosis is present.
1382	This image shows section granuloma shown but not too typical. Hematologic is present. Bone marrow is present. Miliary tuberculosis is present.
1383	This image shows marrow loaded with plasma cells that are immature. Hematologic is present. Multiple myeloma is present.
1384	This image shows organisms are easily evident. Hematologic is present. Bone marrow is present. Histoplasmosis is present.
1385	This image shows organisms easily seen. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Histoplasmosis is present.
1386	This image shows 100% cellular marrow. Hematologic is present. Chronic myelogenous leukemia is present.
1387	This cells appears to be moving to blast crisis. Hematologic is present. Bone marrow is present. Chronic myelogenous leukemia is present.
1388	 Hematologic is present. Bone marrow is present. Aplastic is present.
1389	This image shows  pas large number pseudohyphae penetrating capsule which cannot be recognized as spleen. Hematologic is present. Candida is present.
1390	This image shows med artery with giant cells in wall containing crystalline material postoperative cardiac surgery thought to be silicon. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Vasculitis foreign body is present.
1391	This image shows oil wrights good photo blast cells. Hematologic is present. Bone marrow is present. Acute myelogenous leukemia is present.
1392	This image shows oil wrights cells easily diagnosed. Hematologic is present. Bone marrow is present. Acute myelogenous leukemia is present.
1393	This image shows med wrights stain many pleomorphic blast cells readily seen. Hematologic is present. Bone marrow is present. Acute myelogenous leukemia is present.
1394	 Hematologic is present. Bone marrow is present. Acute myelogenous leukemia is present.
1395	This image shows wrights easily seen blastic cells. Hematologic is present. Bone marrow is present. Acute myelogenous leukemia is present.
1396	This image shows gms granuloma due to pneumocystis aids case. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present.
1397	This image shows typical atrophy associated with infection in newborn. Hematologic is present. Thymus is present. Lymphoid atrophy in newborn is present.
1398	This image shows wrights typical plasma cells. Hematologic is present. Bone marrow is present. Multiple myeloma is present.
1399	This image shows wrights. Hematologic is present. Bone marrow is present. Megaloblasts pernicious anemia is present.
1400	This image shows wrights. Hematologic is present. Bone marrow is present. Megaloblasts pernicious anemia is present.
1401	This image shows wrights stain. Hematologic is present. Bone marrow is present. Megaloblasts pernicious anemia is present.
1402	This image shows wrights. Hematologic is present. Bone marrow is present. Megaloblastic erythrocytes pernicious anemia is present.
1403	This image shows wrights.. Hematologic is present. Bone marrow is present. Megaloblasts pernicious anemia is present.
1404	This image shows sheets of lymphoma cells. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Lymphoblastic lymphoma is present.
1405	This image shows sheets of lymphoma cells. Hematologic is present. Bone marrow is present. Lymphoblastic lymphoma is present.
1406	This image shows med to h&e lymphoma cells. Hematologic is present. Bone marrow is present. Lymphoblastic lymphoma is present.
1407	This image shows congo red well shown perifollicular amyloid. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present.
1408	This image shows not sure of stain may be sirus red perifollicular amyloid deposits are well shown though exposure is not the best. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present.
1409	This image shows sheets of atypical plasma cells. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Multiple myeloma is present.
1410	This image shows numerous atypical cells around splenic arteriole man died of what was thought to be viral pneumonia probably influenza. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Immunoblastic reaction characteristic of viral infection is present.
1411	This image shows well seen atypical cells surrounding splenic arteriole man probably died of viral pneumonia likely to have been influenzae. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Immunoblastic reaction characteristic of viral infection is present.
1412	This image shows immunoblastic type cells near splenic arteriole man died of what was thought to be viral pneumonia probably influenza. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Immunoblastic reaction characteristic of viral infection is present.
1413	This image shows atypical appearing immunoblastic cells near splenic arteriole man died of what was thought to be viral pneumonia probably influenza. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Immunoblastic reaction characteristic of viral infection is present.
1414	 Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Lupus erythematosus periarterial fibrosis is present.
1415	 Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Lupus erythematosus periarterial fibrosis is present.
1416	This image shows two basophilic bodies and periarterial fibrosis excellent example of this rarely seen lupus lesion. Hematologic is present. Spleen is present. Lupus erythematosus basophilic bodies and periarterial fibrosis is present.
1417	This image shows immunoelectrophoresis showing monoclonal band which is an igg case of multiple myeloma. Hematologic is present. Blood is present. Monoclonal gammopathy is present.
1418	This image shows x-ray lateral view large mass anterior superior mediastinum source. Hematologic is present. Thymus is present. Thymoma is present.
1419	This image shows x-ray chest showing mediastinal widening and fuzzy border. Hematologic is present. Thymus is present. Malignant thymoma is present.
1420	This image shows x-ray super cava venogram showing obstruction at level of entrance of innominate vein gross photo of tumor in this file corresponds. Hematologic is present. Thymus is present. Malignant thymoma is present.
1421	This image shows cat scan showing tumor mass invading superior vena ca. Hematologic is present. Thymus is present. Malignant thymoma is present.
1422	This image shows cat scan showing tumor invading superior vena ca. Hematologic is present. Thymus is present. Malignant thymoma is present.
1423	This image shows cat scan showing tumor mass invading superior vena ca. Hematologic is present. Thymus is present. Malignant thymoma is present.
1424	This image shows structures labeled. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1425	This image shows normal liver. Hepatobiliary is present.
1426	This image shows normal liver. Hepatobiliary is present.
1427	This image shows normal liver. Hepatobiliary is present.
1428	This image shows liver, congestion and mild micronodular cirrhosis (heart failure cirrhosis). Hepatobiliary is present.
1429	This image shows normal liver. Hepatobiliary is present.
1430	This image shows normal liver. Hepatobiliary is present.
1431	This image shows normal liver. Hepatobiliary is present.
1432	This image shows normal liver. Hepatobiliary is present.
1433	This image shows normal liver. Hepatobiliary is present.
1434	This image shows liver, cirrhosis and enlarged gall bladder. wilson's disease. Hepatobiliary is present.
1435	This image shows liver, cirrhosis and enlarged gall bladder. wilson's disease. Hepatobiliary is present.
1436	This image shows liver, cirrhosis alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency. Hepatobiliary is present.
1437	This image shows liver, cirrhosis alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency. Hepatobiliary is present.
1438	This image shows liver, cirrhosis alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency. Hepatobiliary is present.
1439	This image shows liver, cirrhosis and iron overload, chronic sickle cell disease with multiple blood transfusions. Hepatobiliary is present.
1440	This image shows liver, adult polycystic kidney. Hepatobiliary is present.
1441	This image shows Breast cancer metastasis to liver. Hepatobiliary is present.
1442	This image shows kidney, hemochromatosis. Hepatobiliary is present.
1443	This image shows liver, hemochromatosis. Hepatobiliary is present.
1444	This image shows liver, hemochromatosis. Hepatobiliary is present.
1445	This image shows liver and pancreas, hemochromatosis. Hepatobiliary is present.
1446	This image shows liver and spleen, congestion, hemolytic disease of newborn. Hepatobiliary is present.
1447	This image shows liver, macronodular cirrhosis, hcv - transjugular intrahepatic portocaval shunt (tips). Hepatobiliary is present.
1448	This image shows liver, macronodular cirrhosis, hcv. Hepatobiliary is present.
1449	This image shows liver, macronodular cirrhosis, hcv - transjugular intrahepatic portocaval shunt (tips). Hepatobiliary is present.
1450	This image shows liver, macronodular cirrhosis, hcv. Hepatobiliary is present.
1451	This image shows hepatitis b virus, hepatocellular carcinoma. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1452	This image shows hepatitis b virus, hepatocellular carcinoma. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1453	This image shows hepatic congestion due to congestive heart failure. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1454	This image shows amyloidosis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1455	This image shows liver, amyloidosis. Hepatobiliary is present.
1456	This image shows liver, metastatic Breast cancer. Hepatobiliary is present.
1457	This image shows liver, metastatic Breast cancer. Hepatobiliary is present.
1458	This image shows liver, metastatic Breast cancer. Hepatobiliary is present.
1459	This image shows liver, early chronic passive congestion. Hepatobiliary is present.
1460	This image shows liver, normal. Hepatobiliary is present.
1461	This image shows liver, normal. Hepatobiliary is present.
1462	This image shows liver, fatty change. Hepatobiliary is present.
1463	This image shows alcoholic cirrhosis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1464	This image shows liver, cholestasis and cirrhosis in a patient with cystic fibrosis. Hepatobiliary is present.
1465	This image shows liver, cholestasis and cirrhosis in a patient with cystic fibrosis. Hepatobiliary is present.
1466	This image shows amyloid, liver, spleen, and kidney. Hepatobiliary is present.
1467	This image shows amyloid, liver, spleen, and kidney. Hepatobiliary is present.
1468	This image shows cholangiocarcinoma. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1469	This image shows cholangiocarcinoma. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1470	This image shows cholangiocarcinoma. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1471	This image shows cirrhosis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1472	This image shows cirrhosis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1473	This image shows hemochromatosis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1474	This image shows alcoholic cirrhosis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1475	This image shows alcoholic cirrhosis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1476	This image shows alcoholic cirrhosis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1477	This image shows liver, fungal abscesses, candida. Hepatobiliary is present.
1478	This image shows bronchiogenic carcinoma, smoker, metastases. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1479	This image shows liver cirrhosis. Hepatobiliary is present.
1480	This image shows cirrhosis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1481	This image shows cirrhosis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1482	This image shows chronic passive congestion, liver. Hepatobiliary is present.
1483	This image shows hepatocellular carcinoma, hepatitis c positive. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1484	This image shows hepatocellular carcinoma, hepatitis c positive. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1485	This image shows hepatocellular carcinoma, hepatitis c positive. tumor growth in portal vein. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1486	This image shows hepatocellular carcinoma, hepatitis c positive. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1487	This image shows liver, miliary tuberculosis. Hepatobiliary is present.
1488	This image shows liver, miliary tuberculosis. Hepatobiliary is present.
1489	This image shows liver, candida abscesses. Hepatobiliary is present.
1490	This image shows cirrhosis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1491	This image shows liver, echinococcal cysts (echinococcus, hydatidosis; hydatid disease, hydatid cyst disease). Hepatobiliary is present.
1492	This image shows liver, ameobic abscesses. Hepatobiliary is present.
1493	This image shows gall bladder, gall stones (mixed). Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1494	This image shows liver and pancreas, hemochromatosis and liver hepatoma. Hepatobiliary is present.
1495	This image shows fresh tissue but rather autolyzed appearance. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1496	This image shows frontal section typical enlarged fatty liver with focal nutmeg areas. Hepatobiliary is present.
1497	 Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1498	This image shows external view of large liver with obvious cirrhosis excellent example. Hepatobiliary is present.
1499	This image shows external view typical alcoholic type cirrhosis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1500	 Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1501	 Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1502	This image shows close-up of faceted mixed stones with two showing cut surfaces. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1503	This image shows frontal section with large patch of central infarction well seen. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1504	This image shows fixed tissue close-up of tumor mass in liver. Hepatobiliary is present.
1505	 Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1506	 Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1507	This image shows close-up view of early micronodular cirrhosis quite good. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1508	 Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1509	 Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1510	This frontal section micronodular photo also shows gastric and duodenal ulcers. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1511	This image shows frontal slab of liver showing cirrhosis very well that appears to be micronodular and cross sectioned portal vein with obvious thrombus very good photo. Hepatobiliary is present.
1512	This image shows close-up fatty with congestion and areas that suggest necrosis grossly good example shock liver. Hepatobiliary is present.
1513	This image shows frontal cut surface massive lacerations. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1514	This image shows external view of liver severe laceration between lobes. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1515	This image shows anterior view of removed and non-sectioned liver as surgeon would see thcase of polycystic disease. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1516	This image shows case of polycystic disease lesions seen from external. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1517	This image shows cut surface with many cysts case of polycystic disease. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1518	 Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1519	 Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1520	This image shows inferior right side cause. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1521	This image shows frontal section of liver with many abscess in region between right and left lobes. This looks like an ascending cholangitis. Hepatobiliary is present.
1522	This image shows large areas of infarction without appearance of severe congestion liver which is brownish color perhaps reflecting fatty change with severe shock history not available. Hepatobiliary is present.
1523	This image shows right leaf of diaphragm reflected to show flat mass of yellow green pus quite good example. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1524	This close-up of cut surface infiltrates are visible. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1525	This image shows post-orthotopic liver transplant. Hepatobiliary is present.
1526	This image shows recurrent hepatitis c virus. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1527	This image shows recurrent hepatitis c virus. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1528	This image shows recurrent hepatitis c virus. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1529	This image shows recurrent hepatitis c virus. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1530	This image shows hepatitis c virus. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1531	This image shows recurrent hepatitis c virus. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1532	This image shows recurrent hepatitis c virus. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1533	This image shows hepatitis c virus. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1534	This image shows hepatitis c virus. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1535	This image shows hepatitis c virus. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1536	This image shows sarcoid. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1537	This image shows hepatitis c virus. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1538	This image shows sarcoid. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1539	This image shows sarcoid. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1540	This image shows sarcoid. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1541	This image shows sarcoid. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1542	This image shows sarcoid. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1543	This image shows primary sclerosing cholangitis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1544	This image shows primary sclerosing cholangitis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1545	This image shows primary sclerosing cholangitis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1546	This image shows primary sclerosing cholangitis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1547	This image shows primary sclerosing cholangitis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1548	This image shows primary sclerosing cholangitis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1549	This image shows primary biliary cirrhosis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1550	This image shows primary biliary cirrhosis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1551	This image shows primary sclerosing cholangitis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1552	This image shows primary biliary cirrhosis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1553	This image shows primary biliary cirrhosis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1554	This image shows primary biliary cirrhosis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1555	This image shows primary biliary cirrhosis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1556	This image shows primary biliary cirrhosis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1557	This image shows primary biliary cirrhosis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1558	This image shows primary biliary cirrhosis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1559	This image shows primary biliary cirrhosis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1560	This image shows ductopenia. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1561	This image shows ductopenia. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1562	This image shows ductopenia. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1563	This image shows primary biliary cirrhosis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1564	This image shows primary biliary cirrhosis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1565	This image shows primary biliary cirrhosis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1566	This image shows primary biliary cirrhosis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1567	This image shows primary biliary cirrhosis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1568	This image shows primary biliary cirrhosis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1569	This image shows primary biliary cirrhosis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1570	This image shows primary biliary cirrhosis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1571	This image shows primary biliary cirrhosis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1572	This image shows primary biliary cirrhosis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1573	This image shows primary biliary cirrhosis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1574	This image shows autoimmune hepatitis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1575	This image shows primary biliary cirrhosis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1576	This image shows primary biliary cirrhosis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1577	This image shows autoimmune hepatitis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1578	This image shows autoimmune hepatitis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1579	This image shows autoimmune hepatitis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1580	This image shows autoimmune hepatitis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1581	This image shows autoimmune hepatitis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1582	This image shows autoimmune hepatitis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1583	This image shows autoimmune hepatitis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1584	This image shows autoimmune hepatitis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1585	This image shows autoimmune hepatitis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1586	This image shows autoimmune hepatitis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1587	This image shows autoimmune hepatitis. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1588	This image shows granulomas. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1589	This image shows granulomas. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1590	This image shows granulomas. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1591	This image shows recovery of ducts. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1592	This image shows recovery of ducts. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1593	This image shows recovery of ducts. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1594	This image shows recovery of ducts. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1595	This image shows recovery of ducts. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1596	This image shows ductopenia. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1597	This image shows high molecular weight keratin. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1598	This image shows low molecular weight keratin. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1599	This image shows ductopenia. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1600	This image shows ductopenia. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1601	This image shows ductopenia. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1602	This image shows resolving acute rejection. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1603	This image shows resolving acute rejection. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1604	This image shows ductopenia. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1605	This image shows resolving acute rejection. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1606	This image shows resolving acute rejection. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1607	This image shows mild-to-moderate acute rejection. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1608	This image shows mild-to-moderate acute rejection. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1609	This image shows mild-to-moderate acute rejection. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1610	This image shows severe acute rejection. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1611	This image shows mild-to-moderate acute rejection. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1612	This image shows mild-to-moderate acute rejection. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1613	This image shows severe acute rejection. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1614	This image shows severe acute rejection. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1615	This image shows severe acute rejection. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1616	This image shows moderate acute rejection. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1617	This image shows severe acute rejection. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1618	This image shows moderate acute rejection. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1619	This image shows moderate acute rejection. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1620	This image shows moderate acute rejection. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1621	This image shows mild acute rejection. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1622	This image shows moderate acute rejection. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1623	This image shows moderate acute rejection. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1624	This image shows mild acute rejection. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1625	This image shows hepatitis b virus, hepatocellular carcinoma. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1626	This image shows hepatitis b virus, hepatocellular carcinoma. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1627	This image shows hepatitis b virus, hbve antigen immunohistochemistry. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1628	This image shows hepatitis b virus, hbve antigen immunohistochemistry. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1629	This image shows hepatitis b virus, hbv surface antigen immunohistochemistry. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1630	This image shows hepatitis b virus, hepatocellular carcinoma. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1631	This image shows hepatitis b virus, hbve antigen immunohistochemistry. Hepatobiliary is present. Liver is present.
1632	This image shows polyarteritis nodosa, liver arteriogram. Hepatobiliary is present.
1633	This image shows poly arteritis nodosa, liver. Hepatobiliary is present.
1634	This image shows abdominal lymph nodes, nodular sclerosing hodgkins disease.
1635	This image shows lymph nodes, lymphoma.
1636	This image shows spleen, hemochromatosis.
1637	This image shows spleen, congestion, congestive heart failure.
1638	This image shows spleen, hypersplenism.
1639	This image shows spleen, hypersplenism.
1640	This image shows mesentery with involved nodes. Lymph node is present. Metastatic carcinoma breast is present.
1641	 Lymph node is present. Sarcoidosis is present.
1642	 Lymph node is present. Sarcoidosis is present.
1643	This image shows cross section trachea and aorta with massive node metastases cannot see cava could be a lymphoma also. Lymph node is present. Metastatic carcinoma is present.
1644	This fixed tissue cut surface of nodes shows infiltrative lesion quite well and does not show matting history of this case is unknown could have been a seminoma see other slides but liver lesion almost certainly is lymphoma. Lymph node is present. Malignant lymphoma is present.
1645	This image shows slice through mass of intestines and mesenteric nodes showing lesions that look more like carcinoma but are in fact tuberculosis. Lymph node is present.
1646	This image shows excellent cross section of aorta and nodes with obvious tumor in enlarged nodes. Lymph node is present. Metastatic carcinoma prostate is present.
1647	This image shows obvious tumor with necrosis and anthracotic pigment 44yo bf adenocarcinoma of lung giant cell type. Lymph node is present. Metastatic carcinoma lung is present.
1648	This image shows aorta not opened surrounded by large nodes. Lymph node is present. Hodgkins disease is present.
1649	This image shows opened aorta surrounded by enlarge nodes. Lymph node is present. Hodgkins disease is present.
1650	This image shows aorta not opened surrounded by large nodes. Lymph node is present. Hodgkins disease is present.
1651	This image shows rather good view of mesentery with typical large nodes case which may have been a t-cell lymphoma. Lymph node is present. Hodgkins disease is present.
1652	This image shows lung and hilar node with healed and probably calcified granulomata in hilar node. Lymph node is present.
1653	This image shows massive enlargement with necrosis shown close-up natural color. Lymph node is present. Acute lymphocytic leukemia is present.
1654	This image shows close-up view of nodes with obvious metastatic lesions and anthracotic pigment apparently from apex right lung apparently lung primary. Lymph node is present. Metastatic carcinoma is present.
1655	This image shows close-up enlarge white node with focal necrosis quite good. Lymph node is present. Hodgkins disease is present.
1656	This image shows close-up of large matted ivory white nodes good example cell type not described non-hodgkins. Lymph node is present. Malignant lymphoma is present.
1657	This image shows sectioned nodes with ivory white color and matting good example type of lymphoma not really determined non-hodgkins. Lymph node is present.]
1658	This image shows fixed tissue sectioned carinal nodes shown close-up nodes are filled with black pigment. Lymph node is present. Anthracotic pigment is present.
1659	This image shows excellent close-up of enlarged inguinal nodes with white tumor and areas of hemorrhagic necrosis. Lymph node is present. Malignant lymphoma is present.
1660	This image shows nodes around superior mesenteric artery sectioned showing enlargement and light tan color due to tumor replacement primary carcinoid tumor in jejunum slide. Lymph node is present. Metastatic carcinoid is present.
1661	This image shows enlarged periaortic nodes with homogeneous tan tumor primary malignant carcinoid in jejunum. Lymph node is present. Metastatic carcinoid is present.
1662	This image shows fixed tissue frontal section through trachea showing grossly enlarged mediastinal nodes with necrosis and anthracotic pigment small cell carcinoma of lung. Mediastinal lymph nodes is present. Metastatic carcinoma is present.
1663	This image shows cut edge of mesentery showing massively enlarged nodes very good example was diagnosed as reticulum cell sarcoma. Lymph node is present. Malignant lymphoma is present.
1664	This image shows excellent view of cut mesentery showing massively enlarged mesenteric nodes with focal hemorrhages case diagnosed several years ago as reticulum cell sarcoma excellent demonstration of nodes with lymphoma. Lymph node is present. Malignant lymphoma large cell type is present.
1665	This image shows abdominal periaortic node showing massive enlargement very good example. Lymph node is present. Hodgkins disease is present.
1666	This image shows excellent example cut surface of nodes seen externally in slide  shows matting and focal necrosis. Lymph node is present. Hodgkins disease is present.
1667	This image shows close-up hilar node with anthracotic pigment and metastatic small cell carcinoma from lung good example. Lymph node is present.
1668	This image shows nodes at tail of pancreas massively replaced by metastatic lung carcinoma. Lymph node is present.
1669	This image shows nodes at tail of pancreas natural color close-up massive replacement by metastatic lung carcinoma. Lymph node is present.
1670	This image shows masses of periaortic nodes natural color good. Lymph node is present. Large cell lymphoma is present.
1671	This image shows fair to good example of mesentery containing grossly enlarged nodes. Lymph node is present. Malignant lymphoma is present.
1672	This image shows fixed tissue excellent example of massively enlarged subcarinal and peritracheal nodes with metastatic lung cancer. Lymph node is present. Metastatic carcinoma is present.
1673	This image shows matted and fused periaortic nodes with hemorrhagic necrosis good example. Lymph node is present. Malignant lymphoma is present.
1674	This image shows periaortic nodes with metastatic carcinoma aorta shows good atherosclerotic plaques. Lymph node is present.
1675	This image shows spleen, lymphoma.
1676	This image shows lymph nodes, nodular sclerosing hodgkins disease.
1677	This image shows lymph nodes, nodular sclerosing hodgkins disease.
1678	This image shows lymph nodes, nodular sclerosing hodgkins disease.
1679	This image shows lymph nodes, nodular sclerosing hodgkins disease.
1680	This image shows lymph nodes, nodular sclerosing hodgkins disease.
1681	This image shows lymph nodes, nodular sclerosing hodgkins disease.
1682	This image shows lymph nodes, nodular sclerosing hodgkins disease.
1683	This image shows lymph nodes, nodular sclerosing hodgkins disease.
1684	This image shows lymph nodes, nodular sclerosing hodgkins disease.
1685	This image shows lymph nodes, nodular sclerosing hodgkins disease.
1686	This image shows lymph nodes, nodular sclerosing hodgkins disease.
1687	This image shows lymph nodes, nodular sclerosing hodgkins disease.
1688	This image shows lymph nodes, nodular sclerosing hodgkins disease.
1689	This image shows lymph nodes, nodular sclerosing hodgkins disease.
1690	This image shows lymph node, mycobacterium avium-intracellularae, acid fast stain.
1691	This image shows lymph node, mycobacterium avium-intracellularae.
1692	This image shows lymph node, mycobacterium avium-intracellularae.
1693	This image shows spleen, congestion, congestive heart failure.
1694	This image shows lymph node, afb stain, tuberculosis.
1695	This image shows lymph node, cytomegalovirus.
1696	This image shows lymph node, cytomegalovirus.
1697	This image shows typical granulomas. Lymph node is present. Sarcoidosis is present.
1698	This image shows granuloma. Lymph node is present. Sarcoidosis is present.
1699	 Lymph node is present. Sarcoidosis is present.
1700	This image shows pleomorphic see other slides this case. Lymph node is present. Lymphoma is present.
1701	This image does not have protocol appears to be a large cell lymphoma malignant histiocytosis but could be hodgkins see other slides in file. Lymph node is present.
1702	This image does not have protocol appears to be a large cell lymphoma malignant histiocytosis but could be hodgkins see other slides in file. Lymph node is present.
1703	This image shows fair cell detail at best medium size cells. Lymph node is present. Malignant lymphoma is present.
1704	This image shows excellent for starry sky appearance but not the best histology source. Lymph node is present. Burkitts lymphoma is present.
1705	This image shows good starry sky detail in large lymphocytes not so good. Lymph node is present. Burkitts lymphoma is present.
1706	This image shows not the best histology but morphology is typical for dx. Lymph node is present. Burkitts lymphoma is present.
1707	This image shows acid fast hemophiliac with aids typical. Lymph node is present. Mycobacterium avium intracellulare is present.
1708	This image shows typical case of hemophilia with aids. Lymph node is present. Mycobacterium avium intracellulare is present.
1709	This image shows that acid fast stain many intracellular bacterial this probably was an early case of mycobacterium intracellulare infection too many organisms for old time tb. Lymph node is present. Tuberculosis is present.
1710	This image shows acid fast stain several typical mycobacteria. Lymph node is present. Tuberculosis is present.
1711	This image shows typical caseating lesions with many langerhans giant cells. Lymph node is present. Tuberculosis is present.
1712	This image shows typical with reed sternberg cell source. Lymph node is present. Hodgkins disease is present.
1713	This image shows  typical lesion rich in eosinophils source. Lymph node is present. Hodgkins disease is present.
1714	 Lymph node is present. Hodgkins disease is present.
1715	This image shows necrotizing granuloma. Lymph node is present. Tuberculosis is present.
1716	This image shows good example necrotizing granuloma with giant cells. Lymph node is present. Tuberculosis is present.
1717	 Lymph node is present. Chronic lymphocytic leukemia is present.
1718	 Lymph node is present. Chronic lymphocytic leukemia is present.
1719	This image shows nice example lymphocyte depleted medullary area. Lymph node is present. Di george syndrome is present.
1720	This image shows typical area of caseous necrosis with nearby early granuloma quite good source unknown. Lymph node is present. Tuberculosis is present.
1721	This image shows granuloma with minimal necrosis source unknown. Lymph node is present. Tuberculosis is present.
1722	This image shows oil acid fast stain a zillion organisms. Lymph node is present. Tuberculosis is present.
1723	This image shows typical necrotizing granulomata becoming confluent an excellent slide. Lymph node is present. Tuberculosis is present.
1724	This image shows typical necrotizing granulomas. Lymph node is present. Tuberculosis is present.
1725	This image shows med to h&e typical necrotizing granuloma. Lymph node is present. Tuberculosis is present.
1726	This image shows acid fast stain a zillion organisms. Lymph node is present. Tuberculosis is present.
1727	This image shows low typical necrotizing lesion. Lymph node is present. Tuberculosis is present.
1728	This image shows that pleocellular large cell would be best classification. Lymph node is present. Malignant lymphoma is present.
1729	This image shows that total effacement case appears to have changed into a blast crisis. Lymph node is present. Chronic myelogenous leukemia is present.
1730	This image shows lymphocytic infiltration in perinodal fat. Lymph node is present. Malignant lymphoma is present.
1731	This image shows edge of node with infiltration of capsule obliteration of subcapsular sinus mixture of small dark lymphocytes and larger cells with vesicular nuclei not specified. Lymph node is present. Malignant lymphoma is present.
1732	This image shows stomach primary. Lymph node is present. Metastatic carcinoma is present.
1733	This image shows stomach primary. Lymph node is present. Metastatic carcinoma is present.
1734	This image shows lymphoma cells. Lymph node is present. Lymphoblastic lymphoma is present.
1735	This image shows med neoplastic ducts with desmoplastic reaction lymph node tissue atone margin  and. Metastatic adenocarcinoma is present.
1736	This image shows hepatic node anaplastic adenocarcinoma from a one cm sessile prepyloric polyp incidental finding died with promyelocytic leukemia  stomach lesion #. Lymph node is present. Metastatic carcinoma is present.
1737	This image shows anaplastic adenocarcinoma from stomach. Lymph node is present. Metastatic carcinoma is present.
1738	This image shows large cell lymphoma. Lymph node is present. Malignant lymphoma is present.
1739	This image shows lymph node, mycobacterium avium-intracellulae (mai).
1740	This image shows lymph node, mycobacterium avium-intracellulae (mai).
1741	This image shows lymph node, mycobacterium avium-intracellulae (mai).
1742	This image shows lymph node, lymphoma.
1743	This image shows lymph node, lymphoma.
1744	This image shows lymph node, lymphoma.
1745	This image shows lymph node, cryptococcosis gms.
1746	This image shows lymph node, cryptococcosis gms.
1747	This image shows lymph node, cryptococcosis.
1748	This image shows lymph node, cryptococcosis.
1749	This image shows lymph node, cryptococcosis gms.
1750	This image shows lymph node, cryptococcosis gms.
1751	This image shows lymph node, cryptococcosis.
1752	This image shows testes, atrophy. Male Reproductive is present.
1753	This image shows normal testes. Male Reproductive is present.
1754	This image shows normal testes. Male Reproductive is present.
1755	This image shows penis, herpes.
1756	This image shows orchitis and epididymitis, subacute.
1757	This image shows sac opened. Testicle is present. Hydrocele is present.
1758	 Prostate is present. Venous thrombosis is present.
1759	This image shows that cut surface both testicles on normal and one quite small typical probably due to mumps have no history at this time. Fibrosis mumps is present.
1760	This image shows fixed tissue contrast of normal cut surface with one having diffuse infiltrate. Testicle is present. Malignant lymphoma is present.
1761	This image shows fixed tissue i think discrete lesion well shown. Testicle is present. Malignant lymphoma is present.
1762	This image shows excised penis with nodular masses of tumor. Penis is present. Squamous cell carcinoma is present.
1763	This image shows good photo nodular lateral lobes large median lobe and hyperemic bladder mucosa with increased trabeculation. Prostate is present. Benign hyperplasia is present.
1764	This image shows cut surface with round tumor mass and large area central necrosis chronic granulocytic leukemia. Testicle is present. Leukemic infiltrate with necrosis is present.
1765	This image shows close-up view of large median bar type lesion with severe cystitis. Prostate is present. Hyperplasia median bar is present.
1766	This image shows large median bar type lesion with severe cystitis. Prostate is present. Hyperplasia median bar is present.
1767	This image shows excellent close-up view sliced open testicle with intact epididymis. Testicle is present. Normal is present.
1768	This image shows opened bladder and urethra with granular tumor masses visible in floor of bladder quite good. Prostate is present. Adenocarcinoma is present.
1769	This image shows bread-loaf slices into prostate gland photographed close-up showing nodular parenchyma and dense intervening tumor tissue very good. Adenocarcinoma is present.
1770	This image shows view of prostate bladder ureters and kidneys quite good shows prostate tumor invading floor of bladder causing hydroureter and hydronephrosis. Prostate is present. Adenocarcinoma is present.
1771	This image shows metastatic carcinoma prostate, excellent closeup showing bilateral metastatic lesions primary is slide 6911 and bone metastatsis 6912.
1772	This image shows opened bladder with median lobe protruding into trigone area also had increase bladder trabeculations very good slide. Prostate is present. Benign hyperplasia is present.
1773	This image shows view of body with small penis and rather flat scrotal sac case of 7yo with craniopharyngioma. Penis, testicles is present. Underdevelopment is present.
1774	This image shows opened bladder with very large prostate gland and high median lobe extending into floor of bladder inflamed bladder mucosa and very hypertrophied bladder. Hyperplasia is present.
1775	This image shows close-up view of large median lobe extending into floor of bladder. Prostate is present. Hyperplasia is present.
1776	This image shows opened urinary bladder with median lobe protruding into floor of bladder. Prostate is present. Hyperplasia is present.
1777	This image shows massively enlarge nodular prostate with median lobe protrusion into floor of bladder, bladder hypertrophy, and normal appearing ureters and kidneys excellent example of bph. Hyperplasia is present.
1778	This image shows enlarged nodular prostate with medial lobe enlargement bladder hypertrophy focal mucosal hemorrhages in bladder mild hydronephrosis very good example. Prostate is present. Hyperplasia is present.
1779	This image shows excellent example cut surface with nodular hyperplasia. Prostate is present. Hyperplasia is present.
1780	This image shows large medial lobar so-called median bar does not show bladder well. Prostate is present. Hyperplasia is present.
1781	This image shows excellent example to see neoplasm gland is not enlarged .. Prostate is present. Adenocarcinoma is present.
1782	This image shows large caseous lesions easily seen excellent example. Prostate is present. Tuberculosis is present.
1783	This image shows prostate is cut open showing neoplasm quite good. Adenocarcinoma is present.
1784	This image shows fixed tissue tumor masses with necrosis easily seen. Testicle is present. Metastatic melanoma is present.
1785	This image shows close-up median lobe hyperplasia so-called median bar lesion very good hemorrhagic cystitis. Prostate is present.
1786	This image shows close-up tumor well shown primary not stated said to be adenocarcinoma. Testicle is present. Metastatic carcinoma is present.
1787	This image shows tumor mass with a large amount of necrosis. Testicle is present. Seminoma is present.
1788	This image shows discrete yellow mass lesion in one testicle hydrocele in other. Testicle is present. Interstitial cell tumor is present.
1789	This image shows excellent view of cut surface and unopened surface. Epididymis is present. Tuberculosis is present.
1790	This image shows fibrocaseous mass of tissue. Epididymis is present. Tuberculosis is present.
1791	This image shows  numerous large thrombi. Prostate is present. Periprostatic vein thrombi is present.
1792	This image shows median bar bladder hypertrophy good. Prostate is present. Hyperplasia is present.
1793	This image shows excellent very large gland hypertrophied bladder. Prostate is present. Hyperplasia is present.
1794	This image shows no hyperplasia. Prostate is present. Calculi is present.
1795	 Penis is present. Hypospadias is present.
1796	 Penis is present. Hypospadias is present.
1797	 Penis is present. Hypospadias is present.
1798	This image shows glans ulcer probable herpes. Penis is present.
1799	This image shows glans ulcers probable herpes. Penis is present.
1800	 Testicle is present. Hydrocele is present.
1801	 Penis is present. Chancre is present.
1802	This image shows that ulcerative lesions slide is labeled chancroid. Penis is present. Chancre is present.
1803	This image shows good example of nodule protruding into bladder. Prostate is present. Hyperplasia is present.
1804	This image shows discrete tumor mass. Testicle is present. Metastatic carcinoma is present.
1805	This image shows that median lobe hyperplasia with marked cystitis and bladder hypertrophy ureter appear normal focal hemorrhages in kidneys and hemorrhagic pyelitis indicates pyelonephritis carcinoma in prostate is diagnosis but cannot. Prostate is present. Hyperplasia is present.
1806	This image shows testes, testicular atrophy.
1807	This image shows testes, testicular atrophy.
1808	This image shows prostate, normal histology.
1809	This image shows prostate, normal histology.
1810	This image shows prostate, apoptosis tunel stain.
1811	This image shows prostate, apoptosis tunel stain.
1812	This image shows apoptosis in prostate after orchiectomy.
1813	This image shows apoptosis in prostate after orchiectomy.
1814	This image shows apoptosis in prostate after orchiectomy.
1815	This image shows apoptosis in prostate after orchiectomy.
1816	This image shows apoptosis in prostate after orchiectomy.
1817	This image shows apoptosis in prostate after orchiectomy.
1818	This image shows apoptosis in prostate after orchiectomy.
1819	This image shows prostate, benign prostatic hyperplasia.
1820	This image shows prostate, benign prostatic hyperplasia.
1821	This image shows prostate, benign prostatic hyperplasia.
1822	This image shows prostate, benign prostatic hyperplasia.
1823	This image shows prostate, benign prostatic hyperplasia.
1824	This image shows prostate, benign prostatic hyperplasia.
1825	This image shows prostate, benign prostatic hyperplasia.
1826	This image shows normal prostate.
1827	This image shows normal prostate.
1828	This image shows prostate, cystic glands.
1829	This image shows normal prostate.
1830	This image shows normal prostate.
1831	This image shows interstitial infiltrate well shown not the best morphology. Testicle is present. Malignant lymphoma is present.
1832	This image shows iron stain tubular atrophy and interstitial iron deposits. Testicle is present. Hemochromatosis is present.
1833	This image shows perineural tumor invasion. Prostate is present. Adenocarcinoma is present.
1834	This image shows diffusely infiltrating small cell carcinoma readily seen. Prostate is present. Adenocarcinoma is present.
1835	This image shows perineural invasion by a well differentiated adenocarcinoma. Prostate is present. Adenocarcinoma is present.
1836	This image shows med immunostain for prostate specific antigen shows marked staining in perineural neoplasm. Adenocarcinoma is present.
1837	This image shows nice perineural invasion by well differentiated adenocarcinoma. Prostate is present.
1838	This image shows nice photo of perineural invasion by well differentiated adenocarcinoma. Prostate is present.
1839	This image shows gms illustrates organisms granulomatous prostatitis aids case. Pneumocystis is present.
1840	This image shows gms illustrates organisms granulomatous prostatitis case of aids. Pneumocystis is present.
1841	This image shows leukoclastic vasculitis in a case of ihd and rheumatoid arthritis cause uncertain but would suspect drug reaction. Testicle is present.
1842	This image shows  medium size artery with obvious vasculitis. Testicle is present.
1843	This image shows 7yo with craniopharyngioma and underdeveloped penis. Testicle is present.
1844	This image shows infiltrating adenocarcinoma through smooth muscle typical for this lesion. Prostate is present.
1845	This image shows very nice view of infiltrating neoplasm with perineural invasion typical prostate lesion. Adenocarcinoma is present.
1846	This image shows excellent view of perineural invasion typical for this lesion. Prostate is present. Adenocarcinoma is present.
1847	This image shows well shown vasculitis lesion of pan type. Testicle is present. Rheumatoid arthritis with vasculitis is present.
1848	This image shows fibrinoid vasculitis and inflammatory cell infiltrative vasculitis well shown. Testicle is present. Rheumatoid arthritis with vasculitis is present.
1849	This image shows classical polyarteritis nodosa type lesion. Testicle is present. Rheumatoid arthritis with vasculitis is present.
1850	This image shows typical lesion. Prostate is present. Adenocarcinoma is present.
1851	This image shows typical infiltrating carcinoma with perineural invasion. Prostate is present. Adenocarcinoma is present.
1852	This image shows typical infiltrating lesion. Prostate is present. Adenocarcinoma is present.
1853	This image shows perineural invasion typical prostate carcinoma. Adenocarcinoma is present.
1854	This image shows typical infiltrating prostate carcinoma. Adenocarcinoma is present.
1855	This image shows typical histology and cytology of this lesion. Prostate is present. Adenocarcinoma is present.
1856	This image shows chancroid, smear of bubo. Penis is present.
1857	This image shows very good example of normal prostate gland.
1858	This image shows med typical prostate cancer good example. Adenocarcinoma is present.
1859	This image shows med excellent example of perineural invasion. Prostate is present. Adenocarcinoma is present.
1860	This image shows inguinal hernia.
1861	This image shows diaphragm, asbestosis and mesothelioma.
1862	This image shows panniculitis and fascitis, streptococcus a scepticemia in a patient with scleroderma who was on high dose steroids. Muscle is present. Soft tissue is present.
1863	This image shows malignant melanoma. Muscle is present. Soft tissue is present.
1864	This image shows vertebral column, schmorl's node, secondary hyperparathyroidism. Joints is present.
1865	This image shows looks like the ivory vertebra with Breast carcinoma diagnosis not known at this time. Joints is present.
1866	This image shows close-up looks like ivory vertebra of breast carcinoma but i believe this is a case of prostatic carcinoma. Joints is present.
1867	This image shows sectioned bone with two nodules of tumor. Joints is present.
1868	This image shows appears fixed lesions show well but color is off. Joints is present.
1869	This image shows sectioned typical primary is breast i think. Joints is present.
1870	This image shows saggital section typical do not know history but probably breast lesion. Joints is present.
1871	This image shows cut surface typical ivory vertebra (2) do not have history at this time diagnosis assumed. Joints is present.
1872	This image shows sectioned muscle partially fixed but color ok i do not have protocol with diagnosis but this is what this appears to be in a psoas muscle if so the diagnosis on all other slides of this case in this file needs to be changed. Soft tissue is present.
1873	This image shows good representation. Joints is present.
1874	This image shows several and large lesions. Joints is present.
1875	This image shows close-up view typical lesions. Joints is present.
1876	This image shows close-up view pale muscle. Soft tissue is present.
1877	This image shows close-up with some red muscle remaining. Soft tissue is present.
1878	This image shows white muscle. Soft tissue is present.
1879	This image shows close-up of muscle with some red persisting. Soft tissue is present.
1880	This image shows close-up very pale muscle. Soft tissue is present.
1881	This image shows close-up very pale muscle. Soft tissue is present.
1882	This image shows excised spinal column grossly deformed. Joints is present.
1883	This image shows opened body with organs removed shows very well the curves of the spinal column. Joints is present.
1884	 Joints is present.
1885	This image shows bone nearly completely filled with tumor primary probably is lung. Joints is present.
1886	This image shows easily seen large lesion primary in tail of pancreas. Joints is present.
1887	This image shows close-up excellent primary tail of pancreas. Joints is present.
1888	This image shows close-up vertebral body excellent. Joints is present.
1889	This image shows close-up view of frontal section vertebral bodies excellent. Joints is present.
1890	This image shows opened body cavity natural color lesion at t12 see protocol. Joints is present.
1891	This image shows section of calvarium. Joints is present.
1892	This image shows probably natural color nice view of bullet in intervertebral disc t12-l1. Joints is present.
1893	This image shows not the best color in photo but multiple and typical lesions are easily seen. Joints is present.
1894	This image shows sectioned vertebral bodies showing very nicely osteolytic metastatic lesions primary squamous cell carcinoma penis. Joints is present.
1895	This image shows rib with obvious focal lesion squamous cell carcinoma primary in penis. Joints is present.
1896	This image shows patient before surgery lesion in clavicle. Joints is present.
1897	This image shows patient before surgery showing both knees 18yo male. Joints is present.
1898	This image shows sectioned femur lesion is distal end excellent example. Joints is present.
1899	This image shows opened body typical. Muscle is present. Soft tissue is present.
1900	This image shows opened body. Muscle is present. Soft tissue is present.
1901	This image shows saggital section sternum obvious lesion scar carcinoma. Joints is present.
1902	This image shows vertebra column one collapsed vertebra and one filled with neoplasm looks like Breast carcinoma but is an unclassified lymphoma. Joints is present.
1903	This image shows sternum saggital section obvious neoplasm from lung scar carcinoma. Joints is present.
1904	This image shows lesions well shown. Joints is present.
1905	This image shows excellent close-up of two vertebral bodies with obvious tumor teratocarcinoma primary in mediastinum. Joints is present.
1906	This image shows close-up view excellent primary in mediastinum. Joints is present.
1907	This image shows obvious metastatic lesions primary in mediastinum 20yowm. Joints is present.
1908	This image shows fixed tissue easily seen metastases not the best photo technic adenoca from lung. Joints is present.
1909	This image shows sectioned femoral heads showing very nicely necrosis excellent. Joints is present.
1910	This image shows vertebral column with multiple lesions easily seen colon primary. Joints is present.
1911	This image shows fixed tissue well shown lesion in vertebral marrow lung adenoca. Joints is present.
1912	This image shows fixed tissue nice photo showing focal osteonecrosis in the femoral head. Joints is present.
1913	This image shows excellent multiple lesions sigmoid colon papillary adenocarcinoma 6mo post colon resection with multiple complications. Joints is present.
1914	This image shows vertebral column with obvious fibrosis involving four of the bodies but not the remaining one in photo cause of this lesion not proved but almost certainly due to radiation for lung carcinoma and meningeal carcinomatosis. Joints is present.
1915	This image shows vertebral bodies shown close-up with metastases. Joints is present.
1916	This image shows very close-up view excellent vertebral body primary is prostate adenocarcinoma. Joints is present.
1917	This image shows several segments of vertebral column with easily seen metastatic lesions primary prostate adenocarcinoma. Joints is present.
1918	This image shows sectioned vertebral bodies with obvious tumor. Joints is present.
1919	This image shows close-up of vertebra with obvious metastatic lesion 44yobfadenocarcinoma of lung giant cell type occurring 25 years after she was treat-ed for hodgkins disease. Joints is present.
1920	 Joints is present.
1921	This image shows marrow filled with obvious tumor. Joints is present.
1922	This image shows close-up view very good case of 48yowm with hypertension renal failure and secondary parathyroid hyperplasia. Joints is present.
1923	This image shows opened infant body with abdominal viscera in right chest quite good. Muscle is present. Soft tissue is present.
1924	This image shows vertebral bodies with one completely replaced by neoplasm excellent photo 68yowm cord compression. Joints is present.
1925	This image shows close-up view well shown. Joints is present.
1926	This image shows in situ close-up well shown. Joints is present.
1927	This image shows view of spinal column in situ shown rather close-up quite good. Joints is present.
1928	This image shows in situ close-up view very good lower cervical. Joints is present.
1929	This image shows old lesion well shown. Joints is present.
1930	This image shows vertebral column with well shown gross lesions. Joints is present.
1931	This image shows rib with well shown lesion. Joints is present.
1932	This image shows vertebral bodies with typical gelatinous-hemorrhagic lesions. Joints is present.
1933	This image shows close-up view well shown normal discs case of chronic myelogenous leukemia in a 14yo male vertebra are somewhat collapsed. Joints is present.
1934	This image shows section of vertebrae with osteoblastic metastasis. Joints is present.
1935	This image shows large gluteal hematoma seen at autopsy through the skin. Muscle is present. Soft tissue is present.
1936	This image shows fixed tissue obvious marrow metastatic type lesions but not typical for myeloma. Joints is present.
1937	This image shows section of sternum close-up photo showing typical myeloma lesions very good. Joints is present.
1938	This image shows vertebral bodies with large necrotic yellow areas case of chronic lymphocytic leukemia progressing to acute lymphocytic leukemia. Joints is present.
1939	This image shows close-up view of large areas of marrow necrosis case of chronic lymphocytic leukemia progressing to acute lymphocytic leukemia. Joints is present.
1940	This image shows both leaves of diaphragm one covered by purulent exudate and the other with multiple tumor nodules. Muscle is present. Soft tissue is present.
1941	This image shows close-up of tumor nodules in diaphragm. Muscle is present. Soft tissue is present.
1942	This image shows close-up view of purulent exudate over diaphragm very good. Muscle is present. Soft tissue is present.
1943	This image shows fixed tissue easily seen metastatic lesions Breast primary. Joints is present.
1944	This image shows plaque lesion of mesothelioma. Muscle is present. Soft tissue is present.
1945	This image shows plaque like lesion quite good. Muscle is present. Soft tissue is present.
1946	This image shows collapsed vertebral body with obvious gray tumor tissue adjacent. Joints is present.
1947	This image shows close-up of collapsed vertebral body with tumor rather easily seen. Joints is present.
1948	This image shows fixed tissue frontal section of joint with obvious cartilage loss and subsynovial fibrosis. Joints is present.
1949	This image shows fixed tissue frontal section of joint with obvious cartilage loss and subsynovial fibrosis and synovial fibrosis. Joints is present.
1950	This image shows fixed tissue lateral view of vertebral bodies with many collapsed case of rheumatoid arthritis but this lesion is probably due to osteoporosis. Joints is present.
1951	This image shows flank muscle hematoma old showing typical chocolate appearance of blood coagulum young female with lupus and thrombocytopenia. Muscle is present. Soft tissue is present.
1952	This image shows not a good exposure but lesion is shown close-up and is quite typical. Joints is present.
1953	This image shows fixed tissue nice example shown close-up. Joints is present.
1954	This image shows multiple metastatic appearing lesions diagnosed reticulum cell sarcoma. Joints is present.
1955	This image shows fixed tissue saggital section sternum with typical plasmacytoma shown close-up very good. Joints is present.
1956	This image shows fixed tissue saggital section spine with replacement of t4 by tumor and with collapse primary lesion squamous cell carcinoma of esophagus. Joints is present.
1957	This image shows fixed tissue close-up view of t4 replaced by tumor and collapsed primary lesion squamous cell carcinoma of esophagus. Joints is present.
1958	This image shows sections of sternum with metastatic lesions from Breast. Joints is present.
1959	This image shows close-up view of cross sectioned rib lesion showing white neoplastic lesion with hemorrhagic center. Joints is present.
1960	This image shows obvious nodular rib lesion cross sectioned to show white neoplasm with central hemorrhage. Joints is present.
1961	This image shows bone, vertebral body opsteopenia, osteoporosis. Musculoskeletal is present.
1962	This image shows bone, vertebral body opsteopenia, osteoporosis. Musculoskeletal is present.
1963	This image shows synovial proliferation, villous, rheumatoid arthritis. Joints is present.
1964	This image shows synovial proliferation, villous, rheumatoid arthritis. Joints is present.
1965	This image shows synovium, pannus and fibrinoid necrosis, rheumatoid arthritis. Musculoskeletal is present.
1966	This image shows synovium, pannus and fibrinoid necrosis, rheumatoid arthritis. Musculoskeletal is present.
1967	This image shows skeletal muscle, atrophy due to immobilization (cast). Musculoskeletal is present.
1968	This image shows skeletal muscle, atrophy due to immobilization (cast). Musculoskeletal is present.
1969	This image shows skeletal muscle, atrophy due to immobilization (cast). Musculoskeletal is present.
1970	This image shows skeletal muscle, atrophy due to immobilization (cast). Musculoskeletal is present.
1971	This image shows skeletal muscle, atrophy due to immobilization (cast). Musculoskeletal is present.
1972	This image shows skeletal muscle, atrophy due to immobilization (cast). Musculoskeletal is present.
1973	This image shows skeletal muscle, atrophy due to immobilization (cast). Musculoskeletal is present.
1974	This image shows rheumatoid arthritis, synovial hypertrophy with formation of villi (pannus). Joints is present.
1975	This image shows rheumatoid arthritis, synovial hypertrophy with formation of villi (pannus). Joints is present.
1976	This image shows tracheotomy site, granulation tissue. Muscle is present. Soft tissue is present.
1977	This image shows tracheotomy site, granulation tissue. Muscle is present. Soft tissue is present.
1978	This image shows tracheotomy site, granulation tissue. Muscle is present. Soft tissue is present.
1979	This image shows tracheotomy site, granulation tissue. Muscle is present. Soft tissue is present.
1980	This image shows tracheotomy site, granulation tissue. Muscle is present. Soft tissue is present.
1981	This image shows tracheotomy, granulation tissue. Muscle is present. Soft tissue is present.
1982	This image shows skeletal muscle atrophy. Soft tissue is present.
1983	This image shows skeletal muscle atrophy. Soft tissue is present.
1984	This image shows skeletal muscle atrophy. Soft tissue is present.
1985	This image shows skeletal muscle atrophy. Soft tissue is present.
1986	This image shows skeletal muscle atrophy. Soft tissue is present.
1987	This image shows gout. Joints is present.
1988	This image shows gout. Joints is present.
1989	This image shows gout, alcohol fixed tissues, monosodium urate crystals. Joints is present.
1990	This image shows gout, alcohol fixed tissues, monosodium urate crystals. Joints is present.
1991	This image shows gout. Joints is present.
1992	This image shows gout, alcohol fixed tissues, monosodium urate crystals. Joints is present.
1993	This image shows gout. Joints is present.
1994	This image shows gout. Joints is present.
1995	This image shows gout. Joints is present.
1996	This image shows gout. Joints is present.
1997	This image shows gout. Joints is present.
1998	This image shows gout. Joints is present.
1999	This image shows gout. Joints is present.
2000	This image shows gout. Joints is present.
2001	This image shows gout. Joints is present.
2002	This image shows atherosclerotic emboli. Muscle is present. Soft tissue is present.
2003	This image shows bone, osteoporosis. Joints is present.
2004	This image shows bone, hyperparathyroidism,. Joints is present.
2005	This image shows distal femur lesion. Joints is present.
2006	This image shows small lymphorrhages. Muscle is present. Soft tissue is present.
2007	This image shows small lymphorrhages. Muscle is present. Soft tissue is present.
2008	This image shows osteoclasts quite well shown marrow diffuse infiltration with malignant lymphoma. Joints is present.
2009	This image shows typical acute lesion very good. Muscle is present. Soft tissue is present.
2010	This image shows lesions easily seen treated myelogenous leukemia complicated by infection and dic. Muscle is present. Soft tissue is present.
2011	This image shows anaplastic tumor cells and osteoid. Joints is present.
2012	This image shows tumor well shown gross is slide. Joints is present.
2013	This image shows nice photo of ossifying trabecular bone. Joints is present.
2014	This image shows  islands of tumor with nice new bone formation. Joints is present.
2015	This image shows nice new bone formation tumor difficult to see. Joints is present.
2016	This image shows excellent example case of myasthenia gravis treated. Muscle is present. Soft tissue is present.
2017	This image shows stomach primary. Joints is present.
2018	This image shows stomach primary. Joints is present.
2019	This image shows stomach primary. Joints is present.
2020	This image shows typical lesion case associated with widespread vasculitis. Joints is present.
2021	This image shows typical lesion. Joints is present.
2022	This image shows marked neurological atrophy. Muscle is present. Soft tissue is present.
2023	This image shows good depiction focal fiber atrophy. Muscle is present. Soft tissue is present.
2024	This image shows section from tumor near codmans triangle reactive bone representing area of tumor with hair on end appearance. Joints is present.
2025	This image shows neoplastic osteoblasts and tumor osteoid. Joints is present.
2026	This image shows neoplastic osteoblasts and tumor osteoid. Joints is present.
2027	 Muscle is present. Soft tissue is present.
2028	This image shows vertebral body gross is  islands of tumor with stimulated new bone formation a desmoplastic (osteoplastic) reaction to the tumor additional micros are  and. Joints is present.
2029	This image shows tumor induced new bone formation large myofibroblastic osteoblastic cells in stroma with focus of osteoid case of 8 year survival Breast intraductal papillary adenocarcinoma. Joints is present.
2030	This image shows new bone formation excellent depiction large myofibroblastic osteoblastic cells induced by tumor tumor also seen gross is  additional 3194 and. Joints is present.
2031	This image shows popliteal cyst myxoid. Joints is present.
2032	This image shows popliteal cyst myxoid. Joints is present.
2033	This image shows villous lesion with chronic inflammatory cells. Joints is present.
2034	This image shows chronic inflammatory cells in synovial villus excellent russell body case 31 . Joints is present.
2035	This image shows chronic inflammatory cells and langhans type giant cells case 31 . Joints is present.
2036	This image shows med good carcinoma with some bone resorption. Joints is present.
2037	This image shows med metastasis in marrow with no evidence of osteoblastic activity 15l893. Joints is present.
2038	This image shows high excellent atrophy due to steroid therapy. Muscle is present. Soft tissue is present.
2039	This image shows high excellent atrophy secondary to steroid therapy. Muscle is present. Soft tissue is present.
2040	This image shows high excellent steroid induced atrophy. Muscle is present. Soft tissue is present.
2041	This image shows high excellent steroid induced atrophy. Muscle is present. Soft tissue is present.
2042	This image shows high excellent example of bone with remodeling and osteoblasts that now appear inactive. Joints is present.
2043	This image shows high excessive fibrous callus in a non-union excellent granulation type tissue with collagen. Joints is present.
2044	This image shows high excessive fibrous callus in a non-union with area of osteoid deposition excellent example. Joints is present.
2045	This image shows high fibrous callus and osteoid with osteoblasts from a non-union. Joints is present.
2046	This image shows high fibrous callus with osteoid and osteoblasts. Joints is present.
2047	This image shows high excessive fibrous callus with focal osteoid deposition with osteoblasts. Joints is present.
2048	This image shows high excessive fibrous callus with focal osteoid deposition and osteoblasts. Joints is present.
2049	This image shows high new bone formation with osteoblasts and osteoclasts and some remaining cartilage an excellent example from a non-union. Joints is present.
2050	This image shows high excellent plus enchondral bone formation with osteoid osteoblasts from a non union 81. Joints is present.
2051	This image shows high excellent enchondral bone formation with osteoid osteoblasts osteoclasts. Joints is present.
2052	This image shows high excellent enchondral bone formation with osteoid osteoblasts osteoclasts. Joints is present.
2053	This image shows high good example bone formation with osteoid and osteoblasts. Joints is present.
2054	This image shows high excessive fibrous callus in a non-union excellent granulation type tissue with collagen. Joints is present.
2055	This image shows high excellent new bone formation with osteoblasts. Joints is present.
2056	This image shows high excellent granulation tissue new bone formation and osteoclasts or chondroclasts. Joints is present.
2057	This image shows high excellent osteoid deposition with osteoclasts there is a fracture. Joints is present.
2058	This image shows high excellent bone remodeling with osteoclasts and osteoblasts 81. Joints is present.
2059	This image shows high osteoid deposition with new bone formation and osteoblasts also cartilage excellent example case is a non-union. Joints is present.
2060	This image shows high new bone formation with osteoblasts and osteoclasts a good but not the best example. Joints is present.
2061	This image shows leg - muscle wasting, hiv. Musculoskeletal is present.
2062	This image shows foot, rheumatoid arthritis. Musculoskeletal is present.
2063	This image shows x-ray infant. Joints is present.
2064	This image shows x-ray infant t12 lesion. Joints is present.
2065	This image shows x-ray hand. Joints is present.
2066	This image shows x-ray sternum healing fracture 15 days. Joints is present.
2067	This image shows x-ray typical lesion. Joints is present.
2068	This image shows x-ray typical lesion. Joints is present.
2069	This image shows x-ray of femoral heads removed at autopsy good illustration. Joints is present.
2070	This image shows x-ray pelvis showing very nicely bilateral femoral head necrosis renal transplant case. Joints is present.
2071	This image shows x-ray of pelvis during life showing osteonecrosis in right femoral head slides 7182 and 7183 are gross and postmortx-rays of this lesion. Joints is present.
2072	This image shows x-ray close-up of right femoral head from pelvic x-ray gross and other x-rays are in slides. Joints is present.
2073	This image shows x-ray of sections of femur with femoral head necrosis seen in slide . Joints is present.
2074	This image shows x-ray distal femur lateral view lytic and blastic lesion shows large posterior mass with a prominent codmans triangle and sunburst appearance 12 yo female three month history painful knee outside study case ap view is slide. Joints is present.
2075	This image shows x-ray distal femur ap view lytic and blastic lesion 12 yo female three month history painful knee outside study case lateral view is. Joints is present.
2076	This image shows x-ray multiple punched out areas and compression fracture. Joints is present.
2077	This image shows popliteal cyst. Joints is present.
2078	This image shows touch impression from cerebrospinal fluid (csf) - toxoplasma. Nervous is present.
2079	This image shows touch impression from cerebrospinal fluid (csf) - toxoplasma. Nervous is present.
2080	This image shows cerebrospinal fluid, smear showing gram negative cocci,  neisseria meningitidis, gram stain. Cerebrospinal fluid, smear showing Gram negative cocci,  Neisseria meningitidis, Gram stain is present.
2081	This image shows dr garcia tumors 65. Brain is present. Medulloblastoma is present.
2082	This image shows basal body dr garcia tumors 66. Brain is present. Medulloblastoma is present.
2083	This image shows necrosis dr garcia tumors 67. Brain is present. Medulloblastoma is present.
2084	This image shows dr garcia tumors 63. Brain is present. Medulloblastoma is present.
2085	This image shows dr garcia tumors 64. Brain is present. Medulloblastoma is present.
2086	This image shows dr garcia tumors 55. Brain is present. Subependymal giant cell astrocytoma is present.
2087	This image shows dr garcia tumors 56. Brain is present. Subependymal giant cell astrocytoma is present.
2088	This image shows dr garcia tumors 57. Brain is present. Subependymal giant cell astrocytoma is present.
2089	This image shows dr garcia tumors 58. Brain is present. Subependymal giant cell astrocytoma is present.
2090	This image shows dr garcia tumors 50. Brain is present. Lymphoma is present.
2091	This image shows dr garcia tumors 51. Brain is present. Lymphoma is present.
2092	This image shows dr garcia tumors 42. Brain is present. Schwannoma is present.
2093	This image shows dr garcia tumors 47. Brain is present. Meningioma is present.
2094	This image shows dr garcia tumors 25. Brain is present. Papillary astrocytoma is present.
2095	This image shows dr garcia tumors 20. Brain is present. Metastatic carcinoma is present.
2096	This image shows dr garcia tumors 24. Brain is present. Papillary astrocytoma is present.
2097	This image shows dr garcia tumors 14. Brain is present. Glioblastoma multiforme is present.
2098	This image shows dr garcia tumors 15. Brain is present. Glioblastoma multiforme is present.
2099	This image shows dr garcia tumors 10. Brain is present. Anaplastic astrocytoma is present.
2100	This image shows dr garcia tumors 5. Brain is present. Astrocytoma is present.
2101	This image shows brain, toxoplasma encephalitis. Nervous is present.
2102	This image shows fixed tissue coronal section cerebral hemispheres case of diabetic cardiomyopathy with history of left hemisphere stroke slides shows no lesion the lesion was in the pons . Brain is present.
2103	This image shows wernicke's encephalopathy. Nervous is present.
2104	This image shows wernicke's encephalopathy. Nervous is present.
2105	This image shows wernicke's encephalopathy. Nervous is present.
2106	This image shows brain, multiple sclerosis. Nervous is present.
2107	This image shows normal brain. Nervous is present.
2108	This image shows normal brain. Nervous is present.
2109	This image shows normal brain. Nervous is present.
2110	This image shows normal brain. Nervous is present.
2111	This image shows normal brain. Nervous is present.
2112	This image shows normal brain. Nervous is present.
2113	This image shows calvarium, sella turcica pituitary gland, normal. Nervous is present.
2114	This image shows brain, infarcts, hypotension. Nervous is present.
2115	This image shows brain, infarcts, hypotension. Nervous is present.
2116	This image shows brain, cryptococcal meningitis. Nervous is present.
2117	This image shows brain, cryptococcal meningitis. Nervous is present.
2118	This image shows brain, cryptococcal meningitis. Nervous is present.
2119	This image shows brain, cryptococcal meningitis. Nervous is present.
2120	This image shows brain, cryptococcal meningitis. Nervous is present.
2121	This image shows brain, cryptococcal meningitis. Nervous is present.
2122	This image shows brain, cryptococcal meningitis. Nervous is present.
2123	This image shows brain, cryptococcal meningitis. Nervous is present.
2124	This image shows brain, cryptococcal meningitis. Nervous is present.
2125	This image shows brain, cryptococcal meningitis. Nervous is present.
2126	This image shows brain, old infarcts, (embolic). Nervous is present.
2127	This image shows brain, old infarcts, (embolic). Nervous is present.
2128	This image shows brain, old infarcts, (embolic). Nervous is present.
2129	This image shows brain, old infarcts, (embolic). Nervous is present.
2130	This image shows brain, old infarcts, (embolic). Nervous is present.
2131	This image shows brain, old infarcts, (embolic). Nervous is present.
2132	This image shows brain, encephalomalacia. Nervous is present.
2133	This image shows brain, subarachanoid hemorrhage due to ruptured aneurysm. Nervous is present.
2134	This image shows brain, hematoma due to ruptured aneurysm. Nervous is present.
2135	This image shows brain, subarachanoid hemorrhage due to ruptured aneurysm. Nervous is present.
2136	This image shows brain, subarachanoid hemorrhage due to ruptured aneurysm. Nervous is present.
2137	This image shows brain, ruptured saccular aneurysm right middle cerebral artery. Nervous is present.
2138	This image shows brain, edema herniation right cingulate gyrus. Nervous is present.
2139	This image shows brain, subarachanoid hemorrhage due to disseminated intravascular coagulation. Nervous is present.
2140	This image shows brain, subarachanoid hemorrhage due to disseminated intravascular coagulation. Nervous is present.
2141	This image shows brain, subarachanoid hemorrhage due to disseminated intravascular coagulation. Nervous is present.
2142	This image shows toxoplasmosis, brain. Nervous is present.
2143	This image shows toxoplasmosis, brain. Nervous is present.
2144	This image shows toxoplasmosis, brain. Nervous is present.
2145	This image shows brain, sickle cell disease, marked cerebral edema and thrombosed vessels. Nervous is present.
2146	This image shows brain, sickle cell disease, marked cerebral edema and thrombosed vessels. Nervous is present.
2147	This image shows brain, sickle cell disease, marked cerebral edema and thrombosed vessels. Nervous is present.
2148	This image shows brain, frontal lobe atrophy, pick's disease. Nervous is present.
2149	This image shows brain, frontal lobe atrophy, pick's disease. Nervous is present.
2150	This image shows brain, frontal lobe atrophy, pick's disease. Nervous is present.
2151	This image shows brain, frontal lobe atrophy, pick's disease. Nervous is present.
2152	This image shows brain, frontal lobe atrophy, pick's disease. Nervous is present.
2153	This image shows brain, frontal lobe atrophy, pick's disease. Nervous is present.
2154	This image shows brain, frontal lobe atrophy, pick's disease. Nervous is present.
2155	This image shows brain, frontal lobe atrophy, pick's disease. Nervous is present.
2156	This image shows brain, frontal lobe atrophy, pick's disease. Nervous is present.
2157	This image shows neural tube defect. Nervous is present.
2158	This image shows neural tube defect. Nervous is present.
2159	This image shows neural tube defect, vertebral bodies. Nervous is present.
2160	This image shows neural tube defect, vertebral bodies. Nervous is present.
2161	This image shows schwannoma. Nervous is present.
2162	This image shows schwannoma. Nervous is present.
2163	This image shows schwannoma. Nervous is present.
2164	This image shows brain, intraventricular hemmorrhage in a prematue baby with hyaline membrane disease. Nervous is present.
2165	This image shows brain, intraventricular hemmorrhage in a prematue baby with hyaline membrane disease. Nervous is present.
2166	This image shows brain, intraventricular hemmorrhage in a prematue baby with hyaline membrane disease. Nervous is present.
2167	This image shows brain, cryptococcal meningitis. Nervous is present.
2168	This image shows brain, toxoplasma encephalitis. Nervous is present.
2169	This image shows brain, herpes encephalitis. Nervous is present.
2170	This image shows brain, hiv neuropathy, atrophy. Nervous is present.
2171	This image shows brain abscess. Nervous is present.
2172	This image shows brain abscess. Nervous is present.
2173	This image shows brain abscess. Nervous is present.
2174	This image shows brain abscess. Nervous is present.
2175	This image shows brain abscess. Nervous is present.
2176	This image shows brain abscess. Nervous is present.
2177	This image shows brain abscess. Nervous is present.
2178	This image shows brain abscess. Nervous is present.
2179	This image shows brain abscess. Nervous is present.
2180	This image shows brain abscess. Nervous is present.
2181	This image shows brain, atrophy and normal. Nervous is present.
2182	This image shows brain, herpes encephalitis. Nervous is present.
2183	This image shows brain, herpes encephalitis. Nervous is present.
2184	This image shows brain, atrophy compared to normal. Nervous is present.
2185	This image shows brain, Breast cancer metastasis to meninges. Nervous is present.
2186	This image shows brain, Breast cancer metastasis to meninges. Nervous is present.
2187	This image shows brain, Breast cancer metastasis to meninges. Nervous is present.
2188	This image shows brain, Breast cancer metastasis to meninges. Nervous is present.
2189	This image shows brain, Breast cancer metastasis to meninges. Nervous is present.
2190	This image shows brain, Breast cancer metastasis to meninges. Nervous is present.
2191	This image shows brain, Breast cancer metastasis to meninges. Nervous is present.
2192	This image shows intraventricular hemorrhage, neonate brain. Nervous is present.
2193	This image shows intraventricular hemorrhage, neonate brain. Nervous is present.
2194	This image shows intraventricular hemorrhage, neonate brain. Nervous is present.
2195	This image shows brain, intracerebral hemorrhage. Nervous is present.
2196	This image shows brain, intracerebral hemorrhage. Nervous is present.
2197	This image shows brain, intracerebral hemorrhage. Nervous is present.
2198	This image shows brain, intracerebral hemorrhage. Nervous is present.
2199	This image shows brain, intracerebral hemorrhage. Nervous is present.
2200	This image shows hemorrhagic reperfusion infarct, middle cerebral artery (l). Nervous is present.
2201	This image shows hemorrhagic reperfusion infarct, middle cerebral artery (l). Nervous is present.
2202	This image shows brain, cryptococcal meningitis, gms stain. Nervous is present.
2203	This image shows brain, cryptococcal meningitis, he. Nervous is present.
2204	This image shows brain, cryptococcal meningitis, he. Nervous is present.
2205	This image shows brain, cryptococcal meningitis, pas stain. Nervous is present.
2206	This image shows brain, cryptococcal meningitis, mucicarmine stain. Nervous is present.
2207	This image shows brain, cryptococcal meningitis, mucicarmine stain. Nervous is present.
2208	This image shows brain, cryptococcal meningitis. Nervous is present.
2209	This image shows brain, cryptococcal meningitis, mucicarmine stain. Nervous is present.
2210	This image shows brain, cryptococcal meningitis, mucicarmine stain. Nervous is present.
2211	This image shows brain, cryptococcal meningitis, mucicarmine stain. Nervous is present.
2212	This image shows brain, old infarcts, (embolic). Nervous is present.
2213	This image shows brain, old infarcts, (embolic). Nervous is present.
2214	This image shows brain, old infarcts, (embolic). Nervous is present.
2215	This image shows brain, old infarcts, (embolic). Nervous is present.
2216	This image shows brain, encephalomalasia. Nervous is present.
2217	This image shows brain, microvessel hyalinization, diabetes mellitus. Nervous is present.
2218	This image shows brain, encephalomalasia. Nervous is present.
2219	This image shows brain, encephalomalasia. Nervous is present.
2220	This image shows brain, encephalomalasia. Nervous is present.
2221	This image shows brain, microvessel hyalinization, diabetes mellitus. Nervous is present.
2222	This image shows brain, encephalomalasia. Nervous is present.
2223	This image shows brain, infarct due to ruptured saccular aneurysm and thrombosis of right middle cerebral artery, plamacytic astrocytes. Nervous is present.
2224	This image shows brain, infarct due to ruptured saccular aneurysm and thrombosis of right middle cerebral artery, plasmacytic astrocytes. Nervous is present.
2225	This image shows brain, infarct due to ruptured saccular aneurysm and thrombosis of right middle cerebral artery, plasmacytic astrocytes. Nervous is present.
2226	This image shows brain, infarct due to ruptured saccular aneurysm and thrombosis of right middle cerebral artery. Nervous is present.
2227	This image shows brain, infarct due to ruptured saccular aneurysm and thrombosis of right middle cerebral artery. Nervous is present.
2228	This image shows brain, intraparenchymal hemorrhage due to ruptured aneurysm. Nervous is present.
2229	This image shows brain, infarct due to ruptured saccular aneurysm and thrombosis of right middle cerebral artery. Nervous is present.
2230	This image shows brain, infarct due to ruptured saccular aneurysm and thrombosis of right middle cerebral artery. Nervous is present.
2231	This image shows brain, subarachanoid hemorrhage and hematoma due to ruptured aneurysm. Nervous is present.
2232	This image shows brain, subarachanoid hemorrhage and hematoma due to ruptured aneurysm. Nervous is present.
2233	This image shows brain, infarct and hemorrhage due to ruptured saccular aneurysm and thrombosis of right middle cerebral artery. Nervous is present.
2234	This image shows brain, infarct and hemorrhage due to ruptured saccular aneurysm and thrombosis of right middle cerebral artery. Nervous is present.
2235	This image shows brain, infarct due to ruptured saccular aneurysm and thrombosis of right middle cerebral artery. Nervous is present.
2236	This image shows brain, infarct due to ruptured saccular aneurysm and thrombosis of right middle cerebral artery. Nervous is present.
2237	This image shows brain, microthrombi,  thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura. Nervous is present.
2238	This image shows brain, microthrombi,  thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura. Nervous is present.
2239	This image shows brain, vasculitis due to rocky mountain spotted fever. Nervous is present.
2240	This image shows brain, frontal lobe atrophy, pick's disease. Nervous is present.
2241	This image shows brain, pick's disease. Nervous is present.
2242	This image shows brain, pick's disease. Nervous is present.
2243	This image shows brain, pick's disease. Nervous is present.
2244	This image shows brain, pick's disease. Nervous is present.
2245	This image shows brain, pick's disease. Nervous is present.
2246	This image shows neural tube defect, meningomyelocele. Nervous is present.
2247	This image shows neural tube defect, meningomyelocele. Nervous is present.
2248	This image shows neural tube defect, meningomyelocele. Nervous is present.
2249	This image shows neural tube defect, meningomyelocele. Nervous is present.
2250	This image shows neural tube defect, meningomyelocele. Nervous is present.
2251	This image shows neural tube defect, meningomyelocele. Nervous is present.
2252	This image shows schwannoma, antoni a and antoni b patterns. Nervous is present.
2253	This image shows neural tube defect, meningomyelocele. Nervous is present.
2254	This image shows brain lymphoma. Nervous is present.
2255	This image shows brain lymphoma. Nervous is present.
2256	This image shows brain, cryptococcal meningitis. Nervous is present.
2257	This image shows touch impression from brain, toxoplasma cyst. Nervous is present.
2258	This image shows brain, toxoplasma encephalitis. Nervous is present.
2259	This image shows brain, toxoplasma encephalitis. Nervous is present.
2260	This image shows brain, herpes encephalitis. Nervous is present.
2261	This image shows brain, herpes encephalitis with inclusion bodies. Nervous is present.
2262	This image shows brain, hiv neuropathy, microglial nodule with giant cell. Nervous is present.
2263	This image shows brain, hiv neuropathy. Nervous is present.
2264	This image shows brain, rabies, inclusion dodies (negri bodies). Nervous is present.
2265	This image shows brain, herpes encephalitis, intranuclear inclusion body. Nervous is present.
2266	This image shows brain, herpes simplex virus immunohistochemistry. Nervous is present.
2267	This image shows brain, herpes simplex virus immunohistochemistry. Nervous is present.
2268	This image shows bacterial meningitis. Nervous is present.
2269	This image shows bacterial meningitis. Nervous is present.
2270	This image shows bacterial meningitis. Nervous is present.
2271	This image shows bacterial meningitis. Nervous is present.
2272	This image shows brain, herpes encephalitis, perivascular cuffing. Nervous is present.
2273	This image shows brain, herpes encephalitis, perivascular cuffing. Nervous is present.
2274	This image shows brain, herpes encephalitis, perivascular cuffing. Nervous is present.
2275	This image shows brain, herpes inclusion bodies. Nervous is present.
2276	This image shows brain, herpes inclusion bodies. Nervous is present.
2277	This image shows herpes simplex virus, brain, immunohistochemistry. Nervous is present.
2278	This image shows herpes simplex virus, brain, immunohistochemistry. Nervous is present.
2279	This image shows herpes simplex virus, brain, immunohistochemistry. Nervous is present.
2280	This image shows spinal cord injury due to vertebral column trauma, demyelination. Nervous is present.
2281	This image shows spinal cord injury due to vertebral column trauma, demyelination. Nervous is present.
2282	This image shows spinal cord injury due to vertebral column trauma, demyelination. Nervous is present.
2283	This image shows spinal cord injury due to vertebral column trauma, demyelination. Nervous is present.
2284	This image shows spinal cord injury due to vertebral column trauma, demyelination. Nervous is present.
2285	This image shows spinal cord injury due to vertebral column trauma, demyelination. Nervous is present.
2286	This image shows spinal cord injury due to vertebral column trauma, demyelination. Nervous is present.
2287	This image shows rabies, negri bodies. Nervous is present.
2288	This image shows rabies, negri bodies. Nervous is present.
2289	This image shows well shown meningitis purulent. Brain is present.
2290	This image shows typical not the best micrograph. Brain is present. Meningitis acute is present.
2291	This image shows grams stain gram negative bacteria. Brain is present. Meningitis purulent is present.
2292	This image shows gram organisms well shown. Spinal fluid is present. Neutrophil gram positive diplococci is present.
2293	This image shows gram stain gram negative bacteria. Brain is present. Meningitis purulent is present.
2294	This image shows typical nodule cause not known at this time. Brain is present. Glial nodule is present.
2295	 Brain is present. Senile plaque is present.
2296	 Brain is present. Neuronophagia is present.
2297	 Brain is present. Neurofibrillary change is present.
2298	 Brain is present. Senile plaque is present.
2299	 Brain is present. Lewy body is present.
2300	This image shows looks like spindle cell tumor filling space well shown primary not known at this time. Brain is present. Carcinomatous meningitis is present.
2301	This image shows neural tangle. Brain is present. Alzheimers is present.
2302	This image shows brain, herpes simplex encephalitis, immunoperoxidate stain. Nervous is present.
2303	This image shows brain, herpes encephalitis. Nervous is present.
2304	This image shows brain, herpes encephalitis. Nervous is present.
2305	This image shows brain, herpes encephalitis. Nervous is present.
2306	This image shows neural tube defect.
2307	This image shows neural tube defect.
2308	This image shows neural tube defect.
2309	This image shows neural tube defect.
2310	This image shows neural tube defect.
2311	This image shows neural tube defect, meningomyelocele.
2312	This image shows brain, intraventricular hemorrhage. Nervous is present.
2313	This image shows brain, intraventricular hemorrhage. Nervous is present.
2314	This image shows brain, intraventricular hemorrhage. Nervous is present.
2315	This image shows dysraphism encephalocele occipital premature female (34 weeks) no chromosomal defects lived one day. Brain is present.
2316	This image shows dysraphism encephalocele occipital premature female (34 weeks) no chromosomal defects lived one day. Brain is present.
2317	This image shows dysraphism encephalocele occipital premature female (34 weeks) no chromosomal defects lived one day. Brain is present.
2318	This image shows cat scan putamen hemorrhage. Brain is present.
2319	This image shows cat scan hemorrhage in putamen area. Brain is present.
2320	This image shows x-ray left side angiogram. Brain is present.
2321	This image shows x-ray air contrast showing enlarged lateral ventricles. Brain is present. Craniopharyngioma is present.
2322	This image shows sialolith. Oral is present.
2323	This image shows periodontal fibroma. Oral is present.
2324	This image shows papilloma. Oral is present.
2325	This image shows radicular cyst. Oral is present.
2326	This image shows attrition. Oral is present.
2327	This image shows tetracycline induced discoloration. Oral is present.
2328	This image shows turners tooth. Oral is present.
2329	This image shows dilaceration. Oral is present.
2330	This image shows adenomatoid odontogenic tumor. Oral is present.
2331	This image shows dentigerous cyst. Oral is present.
2332	This image shows unopened larynx seen from above edema really is in hypopharynx. Larynx is present.
2333	 Larynx is present. Ulcer due to tube is present.
2334	This image shows large fungating lesion very good photo. Larynx is present. Carcinoma is present.
2335	This image shows large fungating lesion. Larynx is present. Carcinoma is present.
2336	This image shows tongue and unopened larynx filled with blood clot a case of polycythemia rubra vera with leukemic transformation and marked thrombocytopenia. Oral is present. Aspirated blood clot is present.
2337	This image shows opened larynx shows quite well. Oral is present. Edema hypopharynx is present.
2338	 Larynx is present. Papilloma on vocal cord is present.
2339	This image shows shows lesion quite well in opened larynx. Oral is present. Leukoplakia vocal cord is present.
2340	 Pharynx is present. Edema hypopharynx is present.
2341	This image shows tongue and unopened larynx with blood clot over larynx chronic myeloproliferative disease (polycythemia rubra vera) with acute trans-formation and bleeding disorder. Aspirated blood clot is present.
2342	This image shows tongue and unopened esophagus occluded by blood clot long standing case of myeloproliferative disorder (polycythemia rubra vera) with terminal acute transformation and bleeding disorder. Larynx is present. Aspirated blood clot is present.
2343	This image shows unopened larynx viewed from hypopharynx mass of necrotic tissue. Oral is present. Carcinoma is present.
2344	This image shows larynx is mass of necrotic tissue. Oral is present. Carcinoma is present.
2345	This image shows view of ulcerative lesion at base of tongue laterally quite good. Tongue is present. Squamous cell carcinoma is present.
2346	This image shows edema well shown. Larynx is present. Hypopharyngeal edema is present.
2347	 Larynx is present. Hypopharyngeal edema is present.
2348	This image shows view of hypopharyngeal tissue and unopened larynx nice example of severe edema. Oral is present.
2349	This image shows good but grotesque. Lip is present. Herpes labialis is present.
2350	This image shows fixed tissue quite good example of hypopharyngeal edema larynx is opened slide  is a close-up in natural color of the edematous mucosal membrane. Oral is present.
2351	This image shows close-up view of very edematous hypopharyngeal mucosa with opened larynx this is a very good example of a lesion seldom seen at autopsy slide  is a more distant view of this specimen after fixation. Oral is present.
2352	This image shows large ulcer on right cord with hyperemia case of leukemia with candida infection. Larynx is present. Ulcer with candida infection is present.
2353	This image shows large hemorrhagic lesion about left cord due to tube and candida possibly the portal of entry case of myeloproliferative syndrome with pancytopenia. Larynx is present.
2354	This image shows surgical specimen with molar tooth large ulcerating carcinoma on hard palate excellent example -66. Oral is present. Squamous cell carcinoma is present.
2355	This image shows excellent lesion on true cord spreading down. Larynx is present. Carcinoma is present.
2356	This image shows excellent granular lesion on true cord extending inferior. Larynx is present. Carcinoma is present.
2357	This image shows excellent depiction natural color large ulcerative carcinoma on left cord. Larynx is present.
2358	This image shows ulcerative lesion left true cord quite good. Larynx is present. Squamous cell carcinoma is present.
2359	This image shows ulcerative lesion left true cord quite good. Larynx is present. Squamous cell carcinoma is present.
2360	This image shows ulcerative lesion right pyriform sinus well shown. Hypopharynx is present. Squamous cell carcinoma is present.
2361	This image shows well shown ulcerative lesion in right pyriform sinus. Hypopharynx is present. Squamous cell carcinoma is present.
2362	This image shows large ulcerative lesion in pyriform sinus natural color. Hypopharynx is present. Squamous cell carcinoma is present.
2363	This image shows large ulcerated and necrotic appearing lesion. Larynx is present. Squamous cell carcinoma is present.
2364	This image shows severe necrotizing lesion in mucosa good example also a in file 33 year old female with adenoid cystic carcinoma of trachea a19-88. Larynx is present. Herpes simplex is present.
2365	This image shows large ulcers probably secondary to tube. Larynx is present. Ulcer is present.
2366	This image shows aspirated mucus excellent. Larynx is present. Aspiration is present.
2367	This image shows good example probably due to intubation. Larynx is present. Acute inflammation is present.
2368	This image shows excellent very large ulcerative lesion. Larynx is present. Squamous cell carcinoma is present.
2369	This image shows excellent example intubation lesion with tracheitis. Larynx is present. Ulcer is present.
2370	This image shows large lesion good but not the best. Larynx is present. Carcinoma is present.
2371	 Hypopharynx is present. Squamous cell carcinoma is present.
2372	This image shows chronic sialadenitis. Oral is present.
2373	This image shows mucocele. Oral is present.
2374	This image shows mucocele. Oral is present.
2375	This image shows mucocele. Oral is present.
2376	This image shows sjogrens syndrome. Oral is present.
2377	This image shows sarcoidosis. Oral is present.
2378	This image shows sarcoidosis. Oral is present.
2379	This image shows sjogrens syndrome. Oral is present.
2380	This image shows necrotizing sialometaplasia. Oral is present.
2381	This image shows necrotizing sialometaplasia. Oral is present.
2382	This image shows necrotizing sialometaplasia. Oral is present.
2383	This image shows mucoepidermoid carcinoma. Oral is present.
2384	This image shows mucoepidermoid carcinoma. Oral is present.
2385	This image shows mucoepidermoid carcinoma. Oral is present.
2386	This image shows adenoid cystic carcinoma. Oral is present.
2387	This image shows adenoid cystic carcinoma. Oral is present.
2388	This image shows pleomorphic adenoma (benign mixed tumor). Oral is present.
2389	This image shows pleomorphic adenoma (benign mixed tumor). Oral is present.
2390	This image shows papillary cystadenoma lymphomatosum (warthins ). Oral is present.
2391	This image shows fordyce granules. Oral is present.
2392	This image shows burkits lymphoma. Oral is present.
2393	This image shows lymphoma. Oral is present.
2394	This image shows leukemic infiltrate. Oral is present.
2395	This image shows lichen planus. Oral is present.
2396	This image shows cicatricial (mucous membrane) pemphigoid. Oral is present.
2397	This image shows pemphigus vulgaris. Oral is present.
2398	This image shows granular cell tumor. Oral is present.
2399	This image shows granular cell tumor. Oral is present.
2400	This image shows traumatic neuroma. Oral is present.
2401	This image shows multiple endocrine neoplasia type ii b-neuroma. Oral is present.
2402	This image shows schwanoma (neurilemoma). Oral is present.
2403	This image shows lipoma. Oral is present.
2404	This image shows neurofibroma. Oral is present.
2405	This image shows kaposi sarcoma. Oral is present.
2406	This image shows cavernous hemangioma. Oral is present.
2407	This image shows lymphangioma. Oral is present.
2408	This image shows capillary hemangioma. Oral is present.
2409	This image shows pyogenic granuloma. Oral is present.
2410	This image shows periodontal fibroma. Oral is present.
2411	This image shows peripheral cemento-ossifying fibroma. Oral is present.
2412	This image shows epulis fissuratum. Oral is present.
2413	This image shows epulis fissuratum. Oral is present.
2414	This image shows inflamatory papillary hyperplasia. Oral is present.
2415	This image shows irritation fibroma. Oral is present.
2416	This image shows amalgam tattoo. Oral is present.
2417	This image shows compound nevus. Oral is present.
2418	This image shows melanoma. Oral is present.
2419	This image shows intramucosal nevus. Oral is present.
2420	This image shows squamous cell carcinoma. Oral is present.
2421	This image shows squamous cell carcinoma. Oral is present.
2422	This image shows verrucous carcinoma. Oral is present.
2423	This image shows severe epithelial dysplasia. Oral is present.
2424	This image shows mild-moderate epithelial dysplasia. Oral is present.
2425	This image shows nicotine stomatitis. Oral is present.
2426	This image shows epithelial hyperplasia and hyperkeratosis. Oral is present.
2427	This image shows epithelial hyperplasia and hyperkeratosis. Oral is present.
2428	This image shows keratoacanthoma. Oral is present.
2429	This image shows verruca vulgaris. Oral is present.
2430	This image shows papilloma. Oral is present.
2431	This image shows langerhans cell histiocytosis (eosinophilic granuloma). Oral is present.
2432	This image shows incisive canal cyst (nasopalatien duct cyst). Oral is present.
2433	This image shows pagets disease. Oral is present.
2434	This image shows cherubism. Oral is present.
2435	This image shows fibrous dysplasia. Oral is present.
2436	This image shows hematopoietic (osteoporotic) bone marrow defect. Oral is present.
2437	This image shows multiple myeloma. Oral is present.
2438	This image shows osteosarcoma. Oral is present.
2439	This image shows osteoblastoma. Oral is present.
2440	This image shows cemento-ossifying fibroma. Oral is present.
2441	This image shows chronic osteomyelitis. Oral is present.
2442	This image shows traumatic bone cyst (simple bone cyst). Oral is present.
2443	This image shows central giant cell lesion. Oral is present.
2444	This image shows benign fibro-osseous lesion. Oral is present.
2445	This image shows dense sclerotic bone. Oral is present.
2446	This image shows periapical granuloma. Oral is present.
2447	This image shows periapical granuloma. Oral is present.
2448	This image shows radicular cyst. Oral is present.
2449	This image shows chronic hyperplastic pulpitis. Oral is present.
2450	This image shows chronic hyperplasitic pulpitis. Oral is present.
2451	This image shows secondary dentin and pulp calcification. Oral is present.
2452	This image shows chronic pulpitis. Oral is present.
2453	This image shows chronic pulpitis. Oral is present.
2454	This image shows caries. Oral is present.
2455	This image shows caries. Oral is present.
2456	This image shows secondary dentin and pulp calcification. Oral is present.
2457	This image shows internal resorption. Oral is present.
2458	This image shows resorption. Oral is present.
2459	This image shows dens invaginatus. Oral is present.
2460	This image shows cementoblastoma. Oral is present.
2461	This image shows odontoma. Oral is present.
2462	This image shows odontogenic myxoma. Oral is present.
2463	This image shows adenomatoid odontogenic tumor. Oral is present.
2464	This image shows ameloblastic fibroma. Oral is present.
2465	This image shows ameloblastoma. Oral is present.
2466	This image shows odontogenic keratocyst. Oral is present.
2467	This image shows dentigerous cyst. Oral is present.
2468	This image shows developing 3rd molar. Oral is present.
2469	This image shows cyst. Oral is present.
2470	This image shows cyst. Oral is present.
2471	 Submaxillary gland is present. Cytomegalovirus is present.
2472	This image shows mucocele. Oral is present.
2473	This image shows mucocele. Oral is present.
2474	This image shows ranula. Oral is present.
2475	This image shows sjogrens syndrome. Oral is present.
2476	This image shows sarcoidosis. Oral is present.
2477	This image shows necrotizing sialometaplasia. Oral is present.
2478	This image shows adenoid cystic carcinoma. Oral is present.
2479	This image shows mucoepidermoid carcinoma. Oral is present.
2480	This image shows papillary cystadenoma lymphomatosum (warthins ). Oral is present.
2481	This image shows fordyce granules. Oral is present.
2482	This image shows pleomorphic adenoma (benign mixed tumor). Oral is present.
2483	This image shows pleomorphic adenoma (benign mixed tumor). Oral is present.
2484	This image shows lymphoproliferative disease of the palate. Oral is present.
2485	This image shows black hairy tongue. Oral is present.
2486	This image shows gingival leukemic infiltrate. Oral is present.
2487	This image shows burkit lymphoma. Oral is present.
2488	This image shows erythema multiforme. Oral is present.
2489	This image shows lichen planus. Oral is present.
2490	This image shows benign migratory glossitis and fissured tongue. Oral is present.
2491	This image shows cicatricial (mucous membrane) pemphigoid. Oral is present.
2492	This image shows desquamative gingivits. Oral is present.
2493	This image shows aphthous ulcer. Oral is present.
2494	This image shows primary herpetic gingivo-stomatitis. Oral is present.
2495	This image shows recurrent herpes labialis. Oral is present.
2496	This image shows recurrent intraoral herpes simplex. Oral is present.
2497	This image shows pemphigus vulgaris. Oral is present.
2498	This image shows angular chelitis. Oral is present.
2499	This image shows median rhomboid glossitis. Oral is present.
2500	This image shows candidiasis-erythematous. Oral is present.
2501	This image shows blastomycosis. Oral is present.
2502	This image shows congenital epulis. Oral is present.
2503	This image shows candidiasis-pseudomembraneous. Oral is present.
2504	This image shows traumatic neuroma. Oral is present.
2505	This image shows granular cell tumor. Oral is present.
2506	This image shows multiple endocrine neoplasia type iib. Oral is present.
2507	This image shows multiple endocrine neoplasia type iib-macroglossia. Oral is present.
2508	This image shows traumatic neuroma. Oral is present.
2509	This image shows neurofibroma. Oral is present.
2510	This image shows lipoma. Oral is present.
2511	This image shows lymphangioma. Oral is present.
2512	This image shows kaposi sarcoma. Oral is present.
2513	This image shows peripheral giant cell lesion. Oral is present.
2514	This image shows varix. Oral is present.
2515	This image shows hemangioma. Oral is present.
2516	This image shows pyogenic granuloma. Oral is present.
2517	This image shows pyogenic granuloma. Oral is present.
2518	This image shows periodontal fibroma. Oral is present.
2519	This image shows inflamatory papillary hyperplasia. Oral is present.
2520	This image shows dilantin induced gingival hyperplasia. Oral is present.
2521	This image shows irritation fibroma. Oral is present.
2522	This image shows epulis fissuratum. Oral is present.
2523	This image shows amalgam tattoo. Oral is present.
2524	This image shows gingival fibromatosis. Oral is present.
2525	This image shows melanoma. Oral is present.
2526	This image shows focal melanosis. Oral is present.
2527	This image shows peutz geghers syndrome. Oral is present.
2528	This image shows traumatic ulcer. Oral is present.
2529	This image shows nevus. Oral is present.
2530	This image shows nevus. Oral is present.
2531	This image shows leukoedema. Oral is present.
2532	This image shows white sponge nevus. Oral is present.
2533	This image shows chemical burn from topical asprin. Oral is present.
2534	This image shows erythroplakia. Oral is present.
2535	This image shows verrucous carcinoma. Oral is present.
2536	This image shows squamous cell carcinoma. Oral is present.
2537	This image shows squamous cell carcinoma. Oral is present.
2538	This image shows squamous cell carcinoma. Oral is present.
2539	This image shows oral hairy leukoplakia. Oral is present.
2540	This image shows leukoplakia. Oral is present.
2541	This image shows actinic keratosis. Oral is present.
2542	This image shows nicotine stomatitis. Oral is present.
2543	This image shows leukoplakia. Oral is present.
2544	This image shows keratoacanthoma. Oral is present.
2545	This image shows leukoplakia. Oral is present.
2546	This image shows leukoplakia. Oral is present.
2547	This image shows leukoplakia. Oral is present.
2548	This image shows verruca vulgaris. Oral is present.
2549	This image shows papilloma. Oral is present.
2550	This image shows condyloma accuminatum. Oral is present.
2551	This image shows cherubism. Oral is present.
2552	This image shows fibrous dysplasia. Oral is present.
2553	This image shows metastatic adenocarcinoma. Oral is present.
2554	This image shows chronic osteomyelitis. Oral is present.
2555	This image shows chronic osteomyelitis. Oral is present.
2556	This image shows hyperparathyroidism (brown tumor). Oral is present.
2557	This image shows garres osteomyelitis (proliferative periosteitis). Oral is present.
2558	This image shows traumatic bone cyst (simple bone cyst). Oral is present.
2559	This image shows parulis (acute alveolar abscess. Oral is present.
2560	This image shows facial abscess. Oral is present.
2561	This image shows chronic hyperplastic pulpitis. Oral is present.
2562	This image shows severe abrasion. Oral is present.
2563	This image shows erosion. Oral is present.
2564	This image shows tetracycline induced discoloration. Oral is present.
2565	This image shows pulpal necrosis. Oral is present.
2566	This image shows attrition. Oral is present.
2567	This image shows amelogenesis imperfecta. Oral is present.
2568	This image shows dentinogenesis imperfecta. Oral is present.
2569	This image shows fluorosis. Oral is present.
2570	This image shows fusion. Oral is present.
2571	This image shows anhidrotic ectodermal dysplasia. Oral is present.
2572	This image shows sialolith. Oral is present.
2573	This image shows sialolith. Oral is present.
2574	This image shows intraosseous mucoepidermoid carcinoma. Oral is present.
2575	This image shows burkits lymphoma. Oral is present.
2576	This image shows lymphoma. Oral is present.
2577	This image shows amalgam tattoo. Oral is present.
2578	This image shows incisive canal cyst (nasopalatien duct cyst). Oral is present.
2579	This image shows globulomaxillary cyst. Oral is present.
2580	This image shows cherubism. Oral is present.
2581	This image shows langerhans cell histiocytosis (eosinophilic granuloma). Oral is present.
2582	This image shows fibrous dysplasia. Oral is present.
2583	This image shows pagets disease. Oral is present.
2584	This image shows metastatic adenocarcinoma. Oral is present.
2585	This image shows multiple myeloma. Oral is present.
2586	This image shows hematopoietic (osteoporotic) bone marrow defect. Oral is present.
2587	This image shows osteosarcoma. Oral is present.
2588	This image shows osteosarcoma. Oral is present.
2589	This image shows multiple myeloma. Oral is present.
2590	This image shows osteoblastoma. Oral is present.
2591	This image shows cemento-ossifying fibroma. Oral is present.
2592	This image shows chronic osteomyelitis. Oral is present.
2593	This image shows osteoblastoma. Oral is present.
2594	This image shows hyperparathyroidism (brown tumor). Oral is present.
2595	This image shows chronic osteomyelitis. Oral is present.
2596	This image shows central giant cell lesion. Oral is present.
2597	This image shows garres osteomyelitis (proliferative periosteitis). Oral is present.
2598	This image shows traumatic bone cyst (simple bone cyst). Oral is present.
2599	This image shows florid cemento-osseous dysplasia. Oral is present.
2600	This image shows residual cyst. Oral is present.
2601	This image shows focal sclerosing osteomyelitis (condensing osteitis). Oral is present.
2602	This image shows radicular cyst. Oral is present.
2603	This image shows periapical granuloma. Oral is present.
2604	This image shows caries. Oral is present.
2605	This image shows regional odontodysplasia. Oral is present.
2606	This image shows dens invaginatus. Oral is present.
2607	This image shows turners tooth. Oral is present.
2608	This image shows mesiodens. Oral is present.
2609	This image shows impacted supernumerary tooth. Oral is present.
2610	This image shows gemination. Oral is present.
2611	This image shows cementoblastoma. Oral is present.
2612	This image shows anhidrotic ectodermal dysplasia. Oral is present.
2613	This image shows complex odontoma. Oral is present.
2614	This image shows odontogenic myxoma. Oral is present.
2615	This image shows adenomatoid odontogenic tumor. Oral is present.
2616	This image shows ameloblastic fibroma. Oral is present.
2617	This image shows compound odontoma. Oral is present.
2618	This image shows ameloblastoma. Oral is present.
2619	This image shows unicystic ameloblastom. Oral is present.
2620	This image shows ameloblastoma. Oral is present.
2621	This image shows primodial cyst. Oral is present.
2622	This image shows odontogenic keratocyst. Oral is present.
2623	This image shows dentigerous cyst. Oral is present.
2624	This image shows developing 3rd molar. Oral is present.
2625	This image shows cyst. Oral is present.
2626	This image shows normal pancreas.
2627	This image shows normal pancreas.
2628	This image shows normal pancreas.
2629	This image shows normal pancreas.
2630	This image shows pancreas, hemochromatosis.
2631	This image shows cystic fibrosis. Pancreas is present.
2632	This image shows pancreatic fat necrosis.
2633	This image shows pancreatic fat necrosis.
2634	This image shows pancreatic fat necrosis.
2635	This image shows pancreatic fat necrosis.
2636	This image shows pancreatic fat necrosis.
2637	This image shows pancreatic fat necrosis, transplanted pancreas.
2638	This image shows pancreatic fat necrosis, pancreatitis.
2639	This image shows pancreatic fat necrosis.
2640	This image shows pancreatic islet, amyloidosis diabetes mellitus, congo red stain and polarized light - birefringence.
2641	This image shows pancreatic fat necrosis.
2642	This image shows pancreas, hemochromatosis.
2643	This image shows adenocarcinoma, body of pancreas.
2644	This image shows cystadenoma. Pancreas is present.
2645	This image shows adenocarcinoma, head of pancreas.
2646	This image shows adenocarcinoma, head of pancreas.
2647	This image shows islet cell carcinoma. Pancreas is present.
2648	This image shows islet cell carcinoma. Pancreas is present.
2649	This image shows islet cell carcinoma. Pancreas is present.
2650	This image shows adenocarcinoma, mucinous, head of pancreas. Pancreas is present.
2651	This image shows islet cell carcinoma. Pancreas is present.
2652	This image shows adenocarcinoma, body of pancreas.
2653	This image shows adenocarcinoma, tail of pancreas.
2654	This image shows adenocarcinoma, body of pancreas.
2655	This image shows acute pancreatitis with fat necrosis.
2656	This image shows chronic pancreatitis with cyst formation.
2657	This image shows chronic pancreatitis with cyst formation.
2658	This image shows acute pancreatitis.
2659	This image shows acute pancreatitis.
2660	This image shows acute pancreatitis.
2661	This image shows acute hemorrhagic pancreatitis.
2662	This image shows acute hemorrhagic pancreatitis.
2663	This image shows acute pancreatitis.
2664	This image shows fat necrosis well seen with no evident parenchymal lesion. Pancreas is present. Shock is present.
2665	This image shows islet cell adenoma, non-functional.
2666	This image shows normal pancreas.
2667	This image shows normal pancreas.
2668	This image shows normal pancreas.
2669	This image shows pancreas, thrombi and  hemorrhage due to disseminated intravascular coagulation (dic).  alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency.
2670	This image shows pancreas, uremic pancreatitis (baggenstoss) due to polycystic kidney.
2671	This image shows pancreas, uremic pancreatitis (baggenstoss) due to polycystic kidney.
2672	This image shows pancreas, uremic pancreatitis (baggenstoss) due to polycystic kidney.
2673	This image shows pancreas, hemochromatosis.
2674	This image shows pancreas, hemochromatosis, prussian blue.
2675	This image shows pancreas, hemochromatosis.
2676	This image shows cystic fibrosis. Pancreas is present.
2677	This image shows cystic fibrosis. Pancreas is present.
2678	This image shows pancreatic fat necrosis.
2679	This image shows pancreatic fat necrosis.
2680	This image shows pancreatic fat necrosis.
2681	This image shows pancreatic fat necrosis.
2682	This image shows cystic fibrosis. Pancreas is present.
2683	This image shows cystic fibrosis. Pancreas is present.
2684	This image shows cystic fibrosis. Pancreas is present.
2685	This image shows cystic fibrosis. Pancreas is present.
2686	This image shows cystic fibrosis. Pancreas is present.
2687	This image shows cystic fibrosis. Pancreas is present.
2688	This image shows cystic fibrosis. Pancreas is present.
2689	This image shows cystic fibrosis. Pancreas is present.
2690	This image shows cystic fibrosis. Pancreas is present.
2691	This image shows normal pancreas.
2692	This image shows normal pancreas.
2693	This image shows normal pancreas.
2694	This image shows kidney, glomerular amyloid, diabetes mellitus. Pancreas is present.
2695	This image shows kidney, glomerular amyloid, diabetes mellitus. Pancreas is present.
2696	This image shows kidney, glomerular amyloid, diabetes mellitus. Pancreas is present.
2697	This image shows pancreatic fat necrosis.
2698	This image shows pancreatic fat necrosis.
2699	This image shows pancreatic fat necrosis.
2700	This image shows pancreatic fat necrosis.
2701	This image shows pancreatic fat necrosis.
2702	This image shows pancreatic fat necrosis.
2703	This image shows pancreatic fat necrosis.
2704	This image shows pancreatic fat necrosis.
2705	This image shows pancreatic fat necrosis.
2706	This image shows pancreatic fat necrosis.
2707	This image shows pancreatic fat necrosis.
2708	This image shows pancreatic fat necrosis.
2709	This image shows pancreatic fat necrosis.
2710	This image shows pancreatic fat necrosis.
2711	This image shows pancreatic fat necrosis.
2712	This image shows pancreatic fat necrosis, pancreatitis/necrosis.
2713	This image shows pancreatic fat necrosis.
2714	This image shows pancreatic fat necrosis.
2715	This image shows pancreatic fat necrosis.
2716	This image shows pancreatic fat necrosis.
2717	This image shows pancreatic fat necrosis, pancreatitis/necrosis.
2718	This image shows pancreatic fat necrosis.
2719	This image shows pancreatic fat necrosis.
2720	This image shows pancreatic fat necrosis.
2721	This image shows pancreatic islet, amyloidosis diabetes mellitus, congo red stain.
2722	This image shows pancreas, cytomegalovirus.
2723	This image shows chronic pancreatitis.
2724	This image shows chronic pancreatitis.
2725	This image shows chronic pancreatitis.
2726	This image shows cystadenoma. Pancreas is present.
2727	This image shows cystadenoma. Pancreas is present.
2728	This image shows islet cell tumor, zollinger ellison syndrome. Pancreas is present.
2729	This image shows islet cell carcinoma. Pancreas is present.
2730	This image shows islet cell carcinoma. Pancreas is present.
2731	This image shows islet cell carcinoma. Pancreas is present.
2732	This image shows islet cell carcinoma. Pancreas is present.
2733	This image shows islet cell carcinoma. Pancreas is present.
2734	This image shows islet cell carcinoma. Pancreas is present.
2735	This image shows two quite large islets. Pancreas is present.
2736	This image shows anaplastic carcinoma with desmoplasia large myofibroblastic cell are prominent in the stroma. Pancreas is present.
2737	This image shows alveolus capillary and interstitial space. Respiratory is present.
2738	This image shows tuberculosis, empyema. Respiratory is present.
2739	This image shows normal lung. Respiratory is present.
2740	This image shows normal lung. Respiratory is present.
2741	This image shows normal lung. Respiratory is present.
2742	This image shows normal lung. Respiratory is present.
2743	This image shows normal lung. Respiratory is present.
2744	This image shows normal lung. Respiratory is present.
2745	This image shows normal lung. Respiratory is present.
2746	This image shows lung, squamous cell carcinoma fungating lesion right mainstbronchus. Respiratory is present.
2747	This image shows lung, squamous cell carcinoma. Respiratory is present.
2748	This image shows lung, squamous cell carcinoma. Respiratory is present.
2749	This image shows lung, squamous cell carcinoma fungating lesion right mainstbronchus. Respiratory is present.
2750	This image shows lung, squamous cell carcinoma. Respiratory is present.
2751	This image shows normal lung. Respiratory is present.
2752	This image shows normal lung. Respiratory is present.
2753	This image shows lung, pulmonary fibrosis and atherosclerosis of pulmonary artery. Respiratory is present.
2754	This image shows lung, pulmonary fibrosis and atherosclerosis of pulmonary artery. Respiratory is present.
2755	This image shows lung, pulmonary fibrosis and atherosclerosis of pulmonary artery. Respiratory is present.
2756	This image shows lung, diffuse alveolar damage. Respiratory is present.
2757	This image shows lung, diffuse alveolar damage. Respiratory is present.
2758	This image shows hilar lymph nodes, nodular sclerosing hodgkins disease. Respiratory is present.
2759	This image shows hilar lymph nodes, nodular sclerosing hodgkins disease and diffuse alveolar damage with hemorrhagic pneumonia. Respiratory is present.
2760	This image shows thromboembolus from leg veins in pulmonary artery. Respiratory is present.
2761	This image shows thromboembolus from leg veins in pulmonary artery. Respiratory is present.
2762	This image shows thromboembolus from leg veins in pulmonary artery. Respiratory is present.
2763	This image shows thromboembolus from leg veins in pulmonary artery. Respiratory is present.
2764	This image shows lung, hemorrhagic bronchopneumonia, wilson's disease. Respiratory is present.
2765	This image shows lung, hemorrhagic bronchopneumonia, wilson's disease. Respiratory is present.
2766	This image shows lung, hemorrhagic bronchopneumonia, wilson's disease. Respiratory is present.
2767	This image shows lung, emphysema and bronchial hemorrhage, alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency. Respiratory is present.
2768	This image shows lung, emphysema and pneumonia, alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency. Respiratory is present.
2769	This image shows lung, emphysema and pneumonia, alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency. Respiratory is present.
2770	This image shows lung, iron overload.  sickle cell disease. Respiratory is present.
2771	This image shows lung, sarcoidosis. Respiratory is present.
2772	This image shows lung, sarcoidosis. Respiratory is present.
2773	This image shows lung, sarcoidosis. Respiratory is present.
2774	This image shows lung, emphysema. Respiratory is present.
2775	This image shows lung, emphysema. Respiratory is present.
2776	This image shows Breast cancer metastasis to lung. Respiratory is present.
2777	This image shows lung, emphysema severe with bullae. Respiratory is present.
2778	This image shows lung, emphysema severe with bullae. Respiratory is present.
2779	This image shows lungs, hyaline membrane disease. Respiratory is present.
2780	This image shows lung, cryptococcal pneumonia. Respiratory is present.
2781	This image shows lung, cyomegalovirus pneumonia. Respiratory is present.
2782	This image shows lung, pneumocystis pneumonia. Respiratory is present.
2783	This image shows lung, pneumocystis pneumonia. Respiratory is present.
2784	This image shows lungs, hemochromatosis. Respiratory is present.
2785	This image shows lung, bronchitis and oxygen toxicity with hyaline membranes. Respiratory is present.
2786	This image shows lung, congestion, heart failure cells (hemosiderin laden macrophages). Respiratory is present.
2787	This image shows lung, cystic fibrosis. Respiratory is present.
2788	This image shows lung, thermal burn smoke inhalation. Respiratory is present.
2789	This image shows trachea, thermal burn smoke inhalation. Respiratory is present.
2790	This image shows lung, thermal burn smoke inhalation. Respiratory is present.
2791	This image shows lung, asbestosis and mesothelioma. Respiratory is present.
2792	This image shows lung, asbestosis and mesothelioma. Respiratory is present.
2793	This image shows lung abscess. Respiratory is present.
2794	This image shows trachea, necrotizing tracheitis. Respiratory is present.
2795	This image shows lung, chronic abscesses. Respiratory is present.
2796	This image shows lung, abscesses. Respiratory is present.
2797	This image shows lung, abscess. Respiratory is present.
2798	This image shows lung, pulmonary fibrosis and congestion. Respiratory is present.
2799	This image shows lung, hemorrhagic fibrinous pleuritis. Respiratory is present.
2800	This image shows lung, pulmonary edema and focal pneumonitis. Respiratory is present.
2801	This image shows lung, congestion. Respiratory is present.
2802	This image shows normal lung. Respiratory is present.
2803	This image shows normal lung. Respiratory is present.
2804	This image shows lung, diffuse alveolar damage. Respiratory is present.
2805	This image shows lung, diffuse alveolar damage and abscess. Respiratory is present.
2806	This image shows lung, organizing pneumonia. Respiratory is present.
2807	This image shows cryptococcal pneumonia. Respiratory is present.
2808	This image shows cryptococcal pneumonia. Respiratory is present.
2809	This image shows lung, bronchiiogenic carcinoma. Respiratory is present.
2810	This image shows aspiration pneumonia, acute (alcoholic). Respiratory is present.
2811	This image shows lung, bronchopneumonia, cystic fibrosis. Respiratory is present.
2812	This image shows lung, bronchopneumonia, cystic fibrosis. Respiratory is present.
2813	This image shows lung carcinoma. Respiratory is present.
2814	This image shows lung carcinoma. Respiratory is present.
2815	This image shows lung carcinoma. Respiratory is present.
2816	This image shows lung, bronchopneumonia, cystic fibrosis. Respiratory is present.
2817	This image shows lung carcinoma. Respiratory is present.
2818	This image shows pulmonary thromboemboli. Respiratory is present.
2819	This image shows pulmonary thromboemboli. Respiratory is present.
2820	This image shows pulmonary thromboemboli. Respiratory is present.
2821	This image shows pulmonary thromboemboli. Respiratory is present.
2822	This image shows pulmonary thromboemboli. Respiratory is present.
2823	This image shows pulmonary thromboemboli. Respiratory is present.
2824	This image shows pulmonary thromboemboli. Respiratory is present.
2825	This image shows pleural cavity, actinomyces sulfur granules. Respiratory is present.
2826	This image shows pleural cavity, actinomyces sulfur granules. Respiratory is present.
2827	This image shows subacute pulmonary thromboembolus with acute infarct. Respiratory is present.
2828	This image shows subacute pulmonary thromboembolus with acute infarct. Respiratory is present.
2829	This image shows subacute pulmonary thromboembolus with acute infarct. Respiratory is present.
2830	This image shows lung fibrosis, scleroderma. Respiratory is present.
2831	This image shows lung fibrosis, scleroderma. Respiratory is present.
2832	This image shows lung fibrosis, scleroderma. Respiratory is present.
2833	This image shows lung fibrosis, scleroderma. Respiratory is present.
2834	This image shows lung fibrosis, scleroderma. Respiratory is present.
2835	This image shows lung fibrosis, scleroderma. Respiratory is present.
2836	This image shows lung fibrosis, scleroderma. Respiratory is present.
2837	This image shows lung fibrosis, scleroderma. Respiratory is present.
2838	This image shows lung, pulmonary artery thickening and hypertrophy in patient with pulmonary hypertension. Respiratory is present.
2839	This image shows lung, phlebosclerosis. Respiratory is present.
2840	This image shows lung, phlebosclerosis. Respiratory is present.
2841	This image shows lung, phlebosclerosis. Respiratory is present.
2842	This image shows lung, bronchopneumonia, bacterial, tissue gram stain. Respiratory is present.
2843	This image shows lung, bronchopneumonia, bacterial, tissue gram stain. Respiratory is present.
2844	This image shows lung, bronchopneumonia, bacterial. Respiratory is present.
2845	This image shows lung, bronchopneumonia, bacterial, tissue gram stain. Respiratory is present.
2846	This image shows brain, infarct due to ruptured saccular aneurysm and thrombosis of right middle cerebral artery, plasmacytic astrocytes. Respiratory is present.
2847	This image shows lung, bronchopneumonia, bacterial. Respiratory is present.
2848	This image shows lung, bronchopneumonia, bacterial. Respiratory is present.
2849	This image shows lung, squamous metaplasia of bronchus in a chronic smoker. Respiratory is present.
2850	This image shows lung, emphysema in a chronic smoker. Respiratory is present.
2851	This image shows lung, emphysema and bronchial plugging in a chronic smoker. Respiratory is present.
2852	This image shows lung, diffuse alveolar damage. Respiratory is present.
2853	This image shows lung, diffuse alveolar damage. Respiratory is present.
2854	This image shows lung, diffuse alveolar damage. Respiratory is present.
2855	This image shows lung, diffuse alveolar damage. Respiratory is present.
2856	This image shows lung, diffuse alveolar damage. Respiratory is present.
2857	This image shows lung, infarct, acute and organized. Respiratory is present.
2858	This image shows lung, infarct, acute and organized. Respiratory is present.
2859	This image shows lung, infarct, acute and organized. Respiratory is present.
2860	This image shows lung, infarct, acute and organized. Respiratory is present.
2861	This image shows lung, infarct, acute and organized. Respiratory is present.
2862	This image shows lung, infarct, acute and organized. Respiratory is present.
2863	This image shows lung, hemorrhagic bronchopneumonia, wilson's disease. Respiratory is present.
2864	This image shows lung, emphysema, alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency. Respiratory is present.
2865	This image shows lung, multinucleated foreign body giant cell. pleural reaction due to talc sclerosis for emphysema ina patient with alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency .. Respiratory is present.
2866	This image shows pleura, talc reaction.  talc was used to sclerose emphysematous lung, alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency. Respiratory is present.
2867	This image shows pleura, talc reaction showing talc birefringence.  talc was used to sclerose emphysematous lung, alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency. trichrome stain. Respiratory is present.
2868	This image shows pleura, talc reaction showing talc birefringence.  talc was used to sclerose emphysematous lung, alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency. Respiratory is present.
2869	This image shows pleura, talc reaction.  talc was used to sclerose emphysematous lung, alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency. Respiratory is present.
2870	This image shows pleura, talc reaction.  talc was used to sclerose emphysematous lung, alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency. Respiratory is present.
2871	This image shows pleura, talc reaction.  talc was used to sclerose emphysematous lung, alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency. trichrome stain. Respiratory is present.
2872	This image shows lung, emphysema and pneumonia, alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency. Respiratory is present.
2873	This image shows lung, mycobacterium tuberculosis, granulomas and giant cells. Respiratory is present.
2874	This image shows lung, mycobacterium tuberculosis, granulomas and giant cells. Respiratory is present.
2875	This image shows lung, mycobacterium tuberculosis, granulomas and giant cells. Respiratory is present.
2876	This image shows lung, mycobacterium tuberculosis, granulomas and giant cells. Respiratory is present.
2877	This image shows lung, mycobacterium tuberculosis, granulomas and giant cells. Respiratory is present.
2878	This image shows lung, mycobacterium tuberculosis, acid fast. Respiratory is present.
2879	This image shows lung, mycobacterium tuberculosis, acid fast. Respiratory is present.
2880	This image shows lung, mycobacterium tuberculosis, granulomas and giant cells. Respiratory is present.
2881	This image shows lung, mycobacterium tuberculosis, granulomas and giant cells. Respiratory is present.
2882	This image shows lung, mycobacterium tuberculosis, acid fast. Respiratory is present.
2883	This image shows lung, mycobacterium tuberculosis, acid fast. Respiratory is present.
2884	This image shows lung, mycobacterium tuberculosis, acid fast. Respiratory is present.
2885	This image shows lung, pneumonia and hemosiderin laden macrophages in patient with sickle cell disease and iatrogenic hemosiderosis. Respiratory is present.
2886	This image shows lung, pneumonia and hemosiderin laden macrophages in patient with sickle cell disease and iatrogenic hemosiderosis. Respiratory is present.
2887	This image shows lung, pneumonia and hemosiderin laden macrophages in patient with sickle cell disease and iatrogenic hemosiderosis. Respiratory is present.
2888	This image shows lung, sarcoidosis, multinucleated giant cells with asteroid bodies. Respiratory is present.
2889	This image shows lung, sarcoidosis, multinucleated giant cells with asteroid bodies. Respiratory is present.
2890	This image shows lung, sarcoidosis, multinucleated giant cells. Respiratory is present.
2891	This image shows lung, sarcoidosis, multinucleated giant cells with asteroid bodies. Respiratory is present.
2892	This image shows lung, sarcoidosis, multinucleated giant cells with asteroid bodies. Respiratory is present.
2893	This image shows lung, sarcoidosis, multinucleated giant cells with asteroid bodies. Respiratory is present.
2894	This image shows lung, sarcoidosis, multinucleated giant cells with asteroid bodies. Respiratory is present.
2895	This image shows lung, sarcoidosis, multinucleated giant cells with asteroid bodies. Respiratory is present.
2896	This image shows lung, sarcoidosis, multinucleated giant cells. Respiratory is present.
2897	This image shows lung, sarcoidosis, multinucleated giant cells with asteroid bodies. Respiratory is present.
2898	This image shows lung, bronchopneumonia. Respiratory is present.
2899	This image shows lung, bronchopneumonia. Respiratory is present.
2900	This image shows lung, bronchopneumonia. Respiratory is present.
2901	This image shows Breast cancer metastasis to lung. Respiratory is present.
2902	This image shows Breast cancer metastasis to lung. Respiratory is present.
2903	This image shows lung, pulmonary edema in patient with congestive heart failure due to heart transplant rejection. Respiratory is present.
2904	This image shows lungs, hyaline membrane disease. Respiratory is present.
2905	This image shows lungs, hyaline membrane disease. Respiratory is present.
2906	This image shows lungs, hyaline membrane disease. Respiratory is present.
2907	This image shows lungs, hyaline membrane disease. Respiratory is present.
2908	This image shows lungs, hyaline membrane disease. Respiratory is present.
2909	This image shows lungs, hyaline membrane disease. Respiratory is present.
2910	This image shows lung, hyaline membrane disease, yellow discoloration due to hyperbilirubinemia. Respiratory is present.
2911	This image shows lung, hyaline membrane disease, yellow discoloration due to hyperbilirubinemia. Respiratory is present.
2912	This image shows kaposis's sarcoma in the lung. Respiratory is present.
2913	This image shows lung, histoplasma pneumonia. Respiratory is present.
2914	This image shows lung, histoplasma pneumonia. Respiratory is present.
2915	This image shows lung, histoplasma pneumonia. Respiratory is present.
2916	This image shows lung, histoplasma pneumonia. Respiratory is present.
2917	This image shows lung, histoplasma pneumonia, silver stain. Respiratory is present.
2918	This image shows lung, cryptococcal pneumonia, touch impression under phase contract. Respiratory is present.
2919	This image shows lung, cryptococcal pneumonia. Respiratory is present.
2920	This image shows lung, cryptococcal pneumonia, mucicarmine stain. Respiratory is present.
2921	This image shows lung, cyomegalovirus pneumonia and pneumocystis pneumonia. Respiratory is present.
2922	This image shows lung, cyomegalovirus pneumonia and pneumocystis pneumonia. Respiratory is present.
2923	This image shows lung, cyomegalovirus pneumonia. Respiratory is present.
2924	This image shows lung, cyomegalovirus pneumonia. Respiratory is present.
2925	This image shows lung, pneumocystis pneumonia. Respiratory is present.
2926	This image shows lung, pneumocystis pneumonia, silver stain. Respiratory is present.
2927	This image shows lung, pneumocystis pneumonia. Respiratory is present.
2928	This image shows lung, organizing thromboembolus. Respiratory is present.
2929	This image shows lung, hyaline membranes due to oxygen toxicity. Respiratory is present.
2930	This image shows lung, hyaline membranes due to oxygen toxicity. Respiratory is present.
2931	This image shows lung, congestion, heart failure cells (hemosiderin laden macrophages). Respiratory is present.
2932	This image shows lung, congestive heart failure,  bone marrow embolus. Respiratory is present.
2933	This image shows lung, cystic fibrosis. Respiratory is present.
2934	This image shows lung, cystic fibrosis. Respiratory is present.
2935	This image shows lung, cystic fibrosis. Respiratory is present.
2936	This image shows thermal burn. Respiratory is present.
2937	This image shows thermal burn. Respiratory is present.
2938	This image shows tuberculosis, empyema. Respiratory is present.
2939	This image shows chest x-ray, cryptococcal pneumonia. Respiratory is present.
2940	This image shows lung, hematoma. Respiratory is present.
2941	This image shows x-ray chest well shown left hilar mass tumor in hilar node. Lung is present. Metastatic malignant ependymoma is present.
2942	This image shows x-ray chest left hilar mass tumor in hilar node. Lung is present. Metastatic malignant ependymoma is present.
2943	This image shows x-ray nicely shown pneumothorax in infant. Lung is present. Pneumothorax x-ray infant is present.
2944	This image shows x-ray close-up to show collapsed lung very easily seen. Pneumothorax x-ray infant is present.
2945	This image shows chest x ray 34 year old alcoholic with lobar pneumonia and fulminant sepsis blood culture pneumococcus and klebsiella. Lung is present.
2946	This image shows neurofibromatosis. 
2947	This image shows neurofibromatosis-cafe-au-lait pigmentation. 
2948	This image shows neurofibromatosis-macroglossi. 
2949	This image shows verruca vulgaris. 
2950	This image shows skin, rocky mountain spotted fever, morbilliform rash.
2951	This image shows skin, neurofibromatosis.
2952	This image shows skin, neurofibromatosis.
2953	This image shows skin, neurofibromatosis.
2954	This image shows skin, neurofibromatosis.
2955	This image shows skin, neurofibromatosis.
2956	This image shows squamous cell carcinoma, lip. 
2957	This image shows meningococcemia, petechia. 
2958	This image shows meningococcemia, petechia. 
2959	This image shows meningococcemia, petechia. 
2960	This image shows bacterial dematitis at site of skin biopsy.
2961	This image shows skin, kaposis's sarcoma.
2962	This image shows skin, kaposis's sarcoma.
2963	This image shows skin, kaposis's sarcoma.
2964	This image shows cryptococcal dematitis. 
2965	This image shows cryptococcal dematitis. 
2966	This image shows thermal burn. 
2967	This image shows thermal burn. 
2968	This image shows thermal burn. 
2969	This image shows thermal burn. 
2970	This image shows squamous cell carcinoma of the lip. 
2971	This image shows panniculitis and fascitis, streptococcus a scepticemia in a patient with scleroderma who was on high dose steroids. 
2972	This image shows skin ulceration and necrosis, disseminated intravascular coagulation due to acetaminophen toxicity.
2973	This image shows skin ulceration and necrosis, disseminated intravascular coagulation due to acetaminophen toxicity.
2974	This image shows skin ulceration and necrosis, disseminated intravascular coagulation due to acetaminophen toxicity.
2975	This image shows cellulitis. 
2976	This image shows close-up of bullous skin lesions and peeling of skin. I am not sure this is correct diagnosis as i do not have protocol but this is sure what it looks like. Toxic epidermal necrolysis is present.
2977	  Toxic epidermal necrolysis is present.
2978	This image shows good close-up of lesions.  Petechiae is present.
2979	This image shows close-up well shown.  Petechial hemorrhages is present.
2980	This image shows body with extensive ecchymoses and desquamation.  Palpable purpura with desquamation is present.
2981	This image shows close-up photo quite good.  Petechiae is present.
2982	This image shows lesions well shown.  Petechiae is present.
2983	This image shows close-up photo very good.  Petechiae is present.
2984	This image shows view of thighs and legs at autopsy ecchymoses with central necrosis and ulceration looks like pyoderma gangrenosum.  Disseminated intravascular coagulation is present.
2985	This image shows view of knee at autopsy ecchymoses with necrotic and ulcerated centers looks like pyoderma gangrenosum.  Disseminated intravascular coagulation is present.
2986	This image shows thigh at autopsy ecchymoses with necrotizing centers.  Disseminated intravascular coagulation is present.
2987	This image shows external view of knee at autopsy ecchymoses with necrotic appearing centers looks like pyoderma gangrenosum.  Disseminated intravascular coagulation is present.
2988	This image shows lesion on forearm.  Ecchymosis is present.
2989	This image shows burn case with view of face showing grotesque edema.  Edema due to disseminated intravascular coagulation is present.
2990	This image shows but not the best color white mane with nicely shown lesion about right shoulder.  Contusion and abrasion focus is present.
2991	This image shows but not good color petechiae and purpura case of stcell leukemia. 
2992	This image shows but not good color many petechial and purpuric hemorrhages case of stcell leukemia. 
2993	This image shows multiple nodular lesions infiltrating neoplastic plasma cells.  Multiple myeloma is present.
2994	This image shows photo of face and neck with multiple nodular lesions consisting of neoplastic plasma cells iga type 73yo man.  Multiple myeloma is present.
2995	This image shows close-up view of nodular skin lesions infiltrating plasma cells.  Multiple myeloma is present.
2996	This image shows small caliber.  Bullet wound is present.
2997	This image shows rather close-up view of typical skin hemorrhages case of acute myelogenous leukemia with terminal candida infection.  Petechial and purpuric hemorrhages is present.
2998	This image shows skin over legs quite good. Palpable purpura is present.
2999	This image shows close-up of petechial hemorrhage case of acute myelogenous leukemia 19yo.  Petechiae is present.
3000	This image shows large decubitus over right trochanter.  Decubitus ulcer is present.
3001	This image shows view of face with rash.  Cytomegalic inclusion virus infection in infant is present.
3002	This image shows photo of head postmorthemorrhagic appearing skin nodules are lymphoma infiltrates 4 month old child several slides from this case are in this file.  Lymphoblastic lymphoma is present.
3003	This image shows but not best color rendition showing elevated macular lesions on arm said to be aml infiltrates.  Acute myelogenous leukemia is present.
3004	This image shows but not good color photo showing elevated macular lesions said to be infiltrates of aml.  Acute myelogenous leukemia is present.
3005	This image shows close-up of typical lesions perspective of elevated pasted on lesions is well shown.  Seborrheic keratosis is present.
3006	This image shows photo of face with multiple typical lesions.  Seborrheic keratosis is present.
3007	This image shows white skin with multiple lesions. Petechial and purpuric hemorrhages is present.
3008	This image shows white skin close-up view quite good. Petechial and purpuric hemorrhages is present.
3009	This image shows close-up of dorsum of hand with marked pitting edema good example. 
3010	This image shows good example either chest was anterior or posterior.  Petechiae is present.
3011	  Uremic frost is present.
3012	This image shows face jaundice and multiple petechial and purpuric hemorrhages.  Cytomegalic inclusion virus infection in infant is present.
3013	This image shows leg excellent example of skin hemorrhages. Petechial and purpuric hemorrhages is present.
3014	This image shows buttock and thigh with severe cellulitis and desquamation caused by a clostridium. 
3015	This image shows large necrotic ulcers over sacrum buttocks and hips.  Decubitus ulcer is present.
3016	This image shows large necrotic ulcer over sacrum.  Decubitus ulcer is present.
3017	This image shows upper portion of body with many tattoos. 
3018	This image shows cut surface typical cheese like yellow content and thin fibrous capsule this lesion was from the scrotal skin.  Sebaceous cyst is present.
3019	This image shows portion of nose typical exophytic lesion with heaped-up margins and central ulceration.  Squamous cell carcinoma is present.
3020	This image shows multiple ulcerative lesions rectum primary excellent.  Inguinal area is present.
3021	  Seborrheic keratosis is present.
3022	  Petechiae is present.
3023	This image shows good abdominal stria. 
3024	This image shows portion of body with extensive skin desquamation same as in 907. Disseminated intravascular coagulation is present.
3025	This image shows skin, epidermolysis bullosa.
3026	This image shows skin, epidermolysis bullosa.
3027	This image shows skin, epidermolysis bullosa.
3028	This image shows skin, epidermolysis bullosa.
3029	This image shows skin, rocky mountain spotted fever, vasculitis.
3030	This image shows skin, rocky mountain spotted fever, vasculitis.
3031	This image shows skin, rocky mountain spotted fever, vasculitis.
3032	This image shows skin, rocky mountain spotted fever, vasculitis.
3033	This image shows skin, neurofibromatosis.
3034	This image shows skin, neurofibromatosis.
3035	This image shows skin, neurofibromatosis.
3036	This image shows skin, neurofibromatosis.
3037	This image shows skin, neurofibromatosis.
3038	This image shows skin, petechial hemorrhages from patient with meningococcemia.
3039	This image shows skin, petechial hemorrhages from patient with meningococcemia.
3040	This image shows skin, kaposis's sarcoma.
3041	This image shows skin, kaposis's sarcoma.
3042	This image shows cryptococcal dematitis.
3043	This image shows cryptococcal dematitis.
3044	This image shows thermal burned skin.
3045	This image shows thermal burned skin.
3046	This image shows thermal burned skin.
3047	This image shows thermal burned skin.
3048	This image shows thermal burned skin.
3049	This image shows thermal burned skin.
3050	This image shows thermal burned skin.
3051	This image shows thermal burned skin.
3052	This image shows thermal burned skin.
3053	This image shows thermal burned skin.
3054	This image shows thermal burned skin.
3055	This image shows thermal burned skin.
3056	This image shows thermal burned skin.
3057	This image shows thermal burned skin.
3058	This image shows thermal burned skin.
3059	This image shows thermal burned skin.
3060	This image shows thermal burned skin.
3061	This image shows panniculitis and fascitis, streptococcus a scepticemia in a patient with scleroderma who was on high dose steroids. 
3062	This image shows panniculitis and fascitis, streptococcus a scepticemia in a patient with scleroderma who was on high dose steroids. 
3063	This image shows panniculitis and fascitis, streptococcus a scepticemia in a patient with scleroderma who was on high dose steroids. 
3064	This image shows panniculitis and fascitis, streptococcus a scepticemia in a patient with scleroderma who was on high dose steroids. 
3065	This image shows panniculitis and fascitis, streptococcus a scepticemia in a patient with scleroderma who was on high dose steroids. 
3066	This image shows scleroderma. 
3067	This image shows scleroderma. 
3068	This image shows scleroderma. 
3069	This image shows scleroderma. 
3070	This image shows scleroderma. 
3071	This image shows scleroderma. 
3072	This image shows scleroderma. 
3073	This image shows scleroderma. 
3074	This image shows scleroderma. 
3075	This image shows pleomorphic small lymphocytes.  Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia is present.
3076	This image shows typical cavernous lesion.  Hemangioma is present.
3077	  Sporotrichosis is present.
3078	This image shows organism.  Sporotrichosis is present.
3079	This image shows oil immersion organism very well shown.  Sporotrichosis is present.
3080	This image shows oil immersion organism very well shown.  Sporotrichosis is present.
3081	  Sporotrichosis is present.
3082	This image shows demodex folliculorum. 
3083	  Demodex Folliculorum is present.
3084	  Chromoblastomycosis is present.
3085	  Chromoblastomycosis is present.
3086	  Chromoblastomycosis is present.
3087	  Hemangioma is present.
3088	This image shows large inclusion bodies well shown.  Molluscum Contagiosum is present.
3089	  Molluscum Contagiosum is present.
3090	This image shows typical lesion with giant cells and foreign material.  Suture Granuloma is present.
3091	This image shows with partially crossed polarizing to show foreign material very typical.  Suture Granuloma is present.
3092	This image shows dermal lymphoma infiltrate.  Lymphoblastic Lymphoma is present.
3093	This image shows easily recognized uric acid deposit lesion from elbow.  Tophus is present.
3094	This image shows uric acid deposits with giant cells easily recognizable as gout or uric acid tophus. 
3095	This image shows migratory thrombophlebitis. 
3096	This image shows migratory thrombophlebitis. 
3097	This image shows med excellent example of epidermal separation gross of this lesion is 907.  Disseminated Intravascular Coagulation is present.
3098	This image shows excellent showing lesion just beneath epidermis with pigmented and non-pigmented cells.  Malignant Melanoma is present.
3099	This image shows good tumor cells with little pigment except in melanophores.  Malignant Melanoma is present.
3100	This image shows cells deep in skin lesion with no pigment. Malignant Melanoma is present.
3101	This image shows low excellent depiction of lesion that probably is metastatic slides 1 are same lesion.  Malignant Melanoma is present.
3102	This image shows med lesion extension to sweat glands same as 2.  Malignant Melanoma is present.
3103	This image shows skin, herpes inclusions.
3104	This image shows skin, herpes inclusions.
3105	This image shows skin, herpes inclusions.
3106	This image shows rather close-up view of tumor cut surface. Thorax, mediastinum is present. Teratocarcinoma is present.
3107	This image shows frontal section of lungs and massive tumor teratocarcinoma 20yowm. Thorax, mediastinum is present.
3108	This image shows opened chest with Breast plate removed easily seen air bubbles. Thorax, mediastinum is present. Emphysema is present.
3109	This image shows fixed tissue trachea and arteries surrounded by dense tumor tissue horizontal section. Thorax, mediastinum is present. Metastatic carcinoma is present.
3110	This image shows saggital sections rather close up near if not natural color excellent example myeloma lesions in marrow. Thorax, bone, sternum is present.
3111	This image shows near if not natural color saggital sections very good example of many myeloma lesions. Thorax, bone, sternum is present.
3112	This image shows metastatic carcinoma surrounding cava superior caval syndrome  lung carcinoma. Thorax, mediastinum is present.
3113	This image shows Breast plate showing substernal abscess and sutures of sternum splitting incision good illustration of a difficult to illustrate lesion . Thorax, mediastinum is present. Mediastinal abscess is present.
3114	This image shows sle iv, wire-loop lesion. Urinary is present.
3115	This image shows sle v. Urinary is present.
3116	This image shows excellent to show thickened basement membrane and immune complexes same case as. Kidney is present. Membranous glomerulonephritis is present.
3117	 Kidney is present. Normal proximal tubule cell is present.
3118	This image shows ureter, calculus. Urinary is present.
3119	This image shows kidney, infarct.
3120	This image shows urinary bladder, calculus. Urinary is present.
3121	This image shows normal kidney.
3122	This image shows normal kidney.
3123	This image shows kidney, arteriolonephrosclerosis.
3124	This image shows kidney, arteriolonephrosclerosis.
3125	This image shows normal prostate. Urinary is present.
3126	This image shows normal prostate. Urinary is present.
3127	This image shows normal prostate. Urinary is present.
3128	This image shows normal kidney.
3129	This image shows normal kidney.
3130	This image shows kidney, cortical atrophy, diabetes mellitus.
3131	This image shows kidney, infarcts,  thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura.
3132	This image shows horseshoe kidney in an adult.
3133	This image shows horseshoe kidney in an adult.
3134	This image shows kidney, acute tubular necrosis due to coagulopathy, disseminated intravascular coagulation (dic), and shock, alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency.
3135	This image shows kidney, adult polycystic kidney.
3136	This image shows kidney, adult polycystic kidney.
3137	This image shows hyoplasia of kidney.
3138	This image shows kidney, staghorn calculi.
3139	This image shows kidney, lymphoma.
3140	This image shows kidney, hemochromatosis, chronic scarring.
3141	This image shows spleen, chronic congestion (spenomegaly) due to portal hypertension from cirrhosis, hcv.
3142	This image shows kidney, congestion .
3143	This image shows kidney, congestion and blurring of the corticomedullary junction.
3144	This image shows kidney, cortical scarring from diabetes mellitus.
3145	This image shows kidney, amyloidosis.
3146	This image shows kidney, hydronephrosis.
3147	This image shows kidney, hypoplasia and compensatory hypertrophy of contralateral kidney.
3148	This image shows renal cell carcinoma with extension into vena cava.
3149	This image shows left - native end stage kidneys right - renal allograft (abdominal).
3150	This image shows renal cell carcinoma with extension into vena cava.
3151	This image shows renal cell carcinoma with extension into vena cava.
3152	This image shows left - native end stage kidneys right - renal allograft (abdominal).
3153	This image shows kidney, obliterative endarteritis - sclerodema.
3154	This image shows kidney, staghorn calculi.
3155	This image shows kidney, obliterative endarteritis - sclerodema.
3156	This image shows kidney, hypoplasia (50 grams right) and compensatory hypertrophy (300 grams left).
3157	This image shows kidney infarct.
3158	This image shows kidney, metastatic lung carcinoma.
3159	This image shows kidney, staghorn calculi.
3160	This image shows kidney, renal papillary necrosis, subacute.
3161	This image shows normal kidney.
3162	This image shows hydronephrosis.
3163	This image shows renal papillary necrosis, diabetes mellitus (dm).
3164	This image shows renal papillary necrosis, diabetes mellitus (dm).
3165	This image shows staghorn calculi in renal pelvis, gout.
3166	This image shows kidney, infarct.
3167	This image shows kidney, renal papillary necrosis, acute.
3168	This image shows hydronephrosis.
3169	This image shows ureteral stricture.
3170	This image shows renal cyst.
3171	This image shows kidney, candida abscesses.
3172	This image shows kidney, candida abscesses.
3173	This image shows kidney candida abscesses from patient with acute myelogenous leukemia.
3174	This image shows kidney aspergillosis.
3175	This image shows kidney aspergillosis.
3176	This image shows renal pelvis, staghorn calculi.
3177	This image shows kidney, candida abscesses.
3178	This image shows kidney, candida abscesses.
3179	This image shows prostatic hyperplasia.
3180	This image shows prostatic hyperplasia.
3181	This image shows prostatic hyperplasia.
3182	This image shows nephrolithiasis.
3183	This image shows kidney, hydronephrosis.
3184	This image shows kidney, papillitis, necrotizing.
3185	This image shows kidney, polycystic disease.
3186	This image shows kidney, pyelonephritis, acute and supperative.
3187	This image shows kidney, papillitis, necrotizing.
3188	This image shows kidney, pyelonephritis, acute.
3189	This image shows kidney, pyelonephritis.
3190	This image shows kidney, pyelonephritis.
3191	This image shows kidney, arteriolonephrosclerosis, malignant hypertension.
3192	This image shows kidney, malignant, nephrosclerosis.
3193	This image shows kidney, malignant hypertension.
3194	This image shows good photo except for reflected lights. Kidney is present. Fetal lobulation is present.
3195	This image shows obviously greatly swollen and pale kidney. Transplant acute rejection is present.
3196	This image shows external view with capsule stripped. Kidney is present. Multiple cysts is present.
3197	This image shows cut surface. Kidney is present. Multiple cysts is present.
3198	This image shows aorta native kidneys ureters and pelvic transplant laid out to show where the transplant is placed relative to other structures.
3199	This image shows infant kidney with pale cortex and congested medullary pyramids. Ischemia is present.
3200	This image shows kidneys in situ with other organs removed dramatic demonstration of size of kidneys. Polycystic disease infant is present.
3201	This image shows close-up of cut surface. Kidney is present. Polycystic disease infant is present.
3202	This image shows cut surface both kidneys. Polycystic disease infant is present.
3203	 Urinary is present. Bladder is present. Hemorrhagic cystitis is present.
3204	This image shows opened bladder quite good with diverticula. Urinary is present. Bladder is present. Hypertrophy and hemorrhagic cystitis is present.
3205	This image shows external view with capsule removed small lesions easily seen. Kidney is present. Metastatic carcinoma breast is present.
3206	This image shows single large lesion quite good. Kidney is present. Metastatic carcinoma lung is present.
3207	This image shows nice photo one kidney opened the other from capsular surface many cysts. Multicystic is present.
3208	This image shows frontal section quite good. Horseshoe kidney is present.
3209	This image shows typical cut surface appearance for severe ischemia. Kidney is present. Ischemia infant is present.
3210	This image shows fixed tissue good example small kidney. Fetal lobulation is present.
3211	 Kidney is present. Ischemia newborn is present.
3212	This image shows surface lesion capsule stripped unusual. Kidney is present. Sarcoidosis is present.
3213	This image shows cut surface. Kidney is present. Sarcoidosis is present.
3214	This image shows mucosal surface quite good. Urinary is present. Bladder is present. Cystitis ulcerative purulent is present.
3215	This image shows both kidneys with apical hemorrhagic lesion i do not have autopsy protocol at this time and have assumed this case to be a renal cell carcinoma check protocol may well be a rhabdomyosarcoma. Renal cell carcinoma is present.
3216	This image shows two halves of kidney with superior pole very hemorrhagic tumor. Renal cell carcinoma is present.
3217	This image shows large lesion more hemorrhagic than usual -. Kidney is present. Renal cell carcinoma is present.
3218	This image shows kidney, acute tubular necrosis.
3219	This image shows kidney, acute tubular necrosis.
3220	This image shows kidney, thickened and hyalinized basement membranes due to diabetes mellitus, pas.
3221	This image shows kidney, thickened and hyalinized basement membranes due to diabetes mellitus, pas.
3222	This image shows kidney glomerulus, thickened and hyalinized basement membranes fibrin caps due to diabetes mellitus.
3223	This image shows kidney glomerulus, thickened and hyalinized basement membranes fibrin caps due to diabetes mellitus.
3224	This image shows kidney glomerulus, thickened and hyalinized basement membranes fibrin caps due to diabetes mellitus.
3225	This image shows kidney, thickened and hyalinized basement membranes due to diabetes mellitus, pas.
3226	This image shows kidney, thickened and hyalinized basement membranes due to diabetes mellitus, pas.
3227	This image shows kidney, thickened and hyalinized basement membranes due to diabetes mellitus, pas.
3228	This image shows kidney, microthrombi, disseminated intravascular coagulation.
3229	This image shows kidney, microthrombi, disseminated intravascular coagulation.
3230	This image shows kidney, microthrombi, thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura.
3231	This image shows kidney, microthrombi,  thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura.
3232	This image shows kidney, acute tubular necrosis due to coagulopathy, disseminated intravascular coagulation (dic), and shock, alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency.
3233	This image shows kidney, chronic sickle cell disease. hemosiderosis caused by numerous blood transfusions.
3234	This image shows kidney, chronic sickle cell disease. hemosiderosis caused by numerous blood transfusions.
3235	This image shows kidney, chronic sickle cell disease. hemosiderosis caused by numerous blood transfusions.prusian blue.
3236	This image shows kidney, adult polycystic kidney.
3237	This image shows kidney, adult polycystic kidney.
3238	This image shows kidney, adult polycystic kidney.
3239	This image shows kidney, adult polycystic kidney.
3240	This image shows kidney, adult polycystic kidney.
3241	This image shows kidney, adult polycystic kidney.
3242	This image shows kidney, polyarteritis nodosa, trichrome stain.
3243	This image shows kidney, polyarteritis nodosa.
3244	This image shows kidney, polyarteritis nodosa, thrichrome stain.
3245	This image shows kidney, polyarteritis nodosa.
3246	This image shows kidney, polyarteritis nodosa.
3247	This image shows kidney transplant rejection.
3248	This image shows kidney transplant rejection.
3249	This image shows kidney transplant rejection.
3250	This image shows kidney transplant rejection.
3251	This image shows kidney transplant rejection.
3252	This image shows kidney transplant rejection.
3253	This image shows kidney, hemochromatosis.
3254	This image shows kidney, hemochromatosis.
3255	This image shows kidney, hemochromatosis, prussian blue.
3256	This image shows kidney, bile in tubules and hypercellular glomeruli (mesangial proliferation).
3257	This image shows kidney, bile in tubules.
3258	This image shows glomerulonephritis, sle iv. Urinary is present.
3259	This image shows glomerulonephritis, sle ii. Urinary is present.
3260	This image shows crescentric glomerulonephritis, silver stain. Urinary is present.
3261	This image shows glomerulonephritis, sle iii. Urinary is present.
3262	This image shows renal pelvis, squamous metaplasia due to chronic urolithiasis. Urinary is present.
3263	This image shows renal pelvis, squamous metaplasia due to chronic urolithiasis. Urinary is present.
3264	This image shows renal pelvis, squamous metaplasia due to chronic urolithiasis. Urinary is present.
3265	This image shows renal pelvis, squamous metaplasia due to chronic urolithiasis. Urinary is present.
3266	This image shows kidney, normal histology.
3267	This image shows kidney, normal histology.
3268	This image shows kidney, normal histology.
3269	This image shows kidney, normal histology.
3270	This image shows kidney, normal histology.
3271	This image shows atn (acute tubular necrosis) and calcium deposits. Urinary is present.
3272	This image shows atn (acute tubular necrosis) and  bile pigment. Urinary is present.
3273	This image shows atn (acute tubular necrosis) and  bile pigment. Urinary is present.
3274	This image shows atn (acute tubular necrosis). Urinary is present.
3275	This image shows atn (acute tubular necrosis). Urinary is present.
3276	This image shows atn (acute tubular necrosis). Urinary is present.
3277	This image shows atn (acute tubular necrosis). Urinary is present.
3278	This image shows squamous metaplasia, renal pelvis due to nephrolithiasis. Urinary is present.
3279	This image shows coronary artery atherosclerosis, thrombosis longitudinal section. Urinary is present.
3280	This image shows squamous metaplasia, renal pelvis due to nephrolithiasis. Urinary is present.
3281	This image shows squamous metaplasia, renal pelvis due to nephrolithiasis. Urinary is present.
3282	This image shows squamous metaplasia, renal pelvis due to nephrolithiasis. Urinary is present.
3283	This image shows kidney, acute transplant rejection.
3284	This image shows kidney, acute transplant rejection.
3285	This image shows kidney glomerulus, arteriolar thickening in a patient with diabetes mellitus.
3286	This image shows kidney glomerulus, kimmelstiel-wilson nodules in a patient with diabetes mellitus.
3287	This image shows kidney glomerulus, kimmelstiel-wilson nodules and arteriolar thickening in a patient with diabetes mellitus, pas.
3288	This image shows kidney glomerulus, kimmelstiel-wilson nodules and arteriolar thickening in a patient with diabetes mellitus, pas.
3289	This image shows kidney glomerulus, kimmelstiel-wilson nodules in a patient with diabetes mellitus.
3290	This image shows kidney glomerulus, kimmelstiel-wilson nodules in a patient with diabetes mellitus.
3291	This image shows kidney glomerulus, arteriolar thickening in a patient with diabetes mellitus.
3292	This image shows atherosclerotic emboli.
3293	This image shows kidney, kw (kimmelstiel-wilson).
3294	This image shows kidney, kw (kimmelstiel-wilson).
3295	This image shows kidney, kw (kimmelstiel-wilson).
3296	This image shows kidney, cytomegalovirus.
3297	This image shows kidney, arteriolonephrosclerosis, malignant hypertension.
3298	This image shows kidney, arteriolonephrosclerosis, malignant hypertension.
3299	This image shows kidney, arteriolonephrosclerosis, malignant hypertension.
3300	This image shows kidney, diabetic glomerulosclerosis.
3301	This image shows kidney, arteriolonephrosclerosis, malignant hypertension.
3302	 Kidney is present. Cytomegalovirus is present.
3303	 Kidney is present. Cytomegalovirus is present.
3304	 Kidney is present. Cytomegalovirus is present.
3305	This image shows pas-alcian blue. Kidney is present. Cytomegalovirus is present.
3306	 Kidney is present. Cytomegalovirus is present.
3307	 Kidney is present. Polycystic disease infant is present.
3308	This image shows abortive glomeruli. Kidney is present. Polycystic disease infant is present.
3309	 Kidney is present. Polycystic disease infant is present.
3310	 Kidney is present. Polycystic disease infant is present.
3311	 Kidney is present. Polycystic disease infant is present.
3312	 Kidney is present. Polycystic disease infant is present.
3313	 Kidney is present. Metastatic carcinoma breast is present.
3314	This image shows mad dilated tubules with missing and pyknotic nuclei and bile in one quite good. Kidney is present. Acute tubular necrosis is present.
3315	This image shows bile nephrosis very good example. Kidney is present. Acute tubular necrosis is present.
3316	This image shows giant cells. Kidney is present. Sarcoidosis is present.
3317	This image shows giant cells and fibrosis. Kidney is present. Sarcoidosis is present.
3318	This image shows sle iv, igg. Urinary is present.
3319	This image shows antiglomerlar basement membrane, igg. Urinary is present.
3320	This image shows antiglomerlar basement membrane, kappa. Urinary is present.
3321	This image shows antiglomerlar basement membrane, igg. Urinary is present.
3322	This image shows sle iv kappa, 20x. Urinary is present.
3323	This image shows sle iv kappa, 40x. Urinary is present.
3324	This image shows sle iv, igg. Urinary is present.
3325	This image shows sle 2a, iga. Urinary is present.
3326	This image shows sle iv, ana staining, kappa, 10x. Urinary is present.
3327	This image shows polyarteritis nodosa, kidney arteriogram.
3328	This image shows polyarteritis nodosa, kidney arteriogram.